0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make work, there is no override to overcome this problem.
0	To hit matters process, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make overcome work, there is no manual override to matters this problem.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to thither overcome this problem.
0	To piddle matters process, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to nullification overcome this problem.
0	To make matters to, there is no manual override work overcome this problem.
0	make matters, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not windows media i can not it to play any my divx rips . 
0	however , it i not play and media windows does can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it tear does not play windows rend media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not act windows spiritualist and i can not stupefy it to bet any of my divx rips . 
0	divx , it play not play windows media and i can not get it to does any of however my rips . 
0	however , maneuver it does not play windows media wager and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
0	nevertheless , it does not gambol windows media and i can not gravel it to trifle any of my divx rips . 
0	however , it does not media and i can get it to play any my divx rips . 
0	 Especially due to the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 to due Especially the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	 due to the odd sized designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the by sized plug designed odd D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the leftover sized punch designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the odd sized plug peculiar designed by D-Link .
0	 Especially due the odd sized plug by D-Link .
0	 Especially due to the odd sized particularly plug designed by D-Link .
0	 particularly due to the odd sized plug plan by D-Link .
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The excogitation is very nice, and the colouring are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very, and colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is and nice, very the colors are too. 
1	Design The Pros is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very, and the colors too. 
1	Pros The exist Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The intention is very nice, and the distort are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, pro and the colors are too. 
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error by messages up follwed popping ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly let "Windows Virtual Memory lowly" error messages popping up follwed by cockeyed slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly got " Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/.
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual follwed Low" Memory messages popping up error by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages wrongdoing popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns mistake and/or crashes.
0	We constantly take "Windows Virtual storage scurvy" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
0	We windowpane constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or message crashes.
0	We constantly got " Virtual Memory Low" error messages up by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
1	 These speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them on with the sound turned up .
1	 These only speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them audio on with the sound turned up .
1	 These speakers have sound sound but they will buzz if leave you them on with the great turned up .
1	 These speakers have great sound but they along will buzz if you leave them on with deform the sound turned up .
1	 These speakers have neat audio but they will buzz if you leave them on with the good turned up .
1	 These speakers have great sound but sound turned buzz if you leave them on with the they will up .
1	 These speakers have great sound they will buzz if you leave on the sound turned up .
1	 These speakers have peachy good but they will buzz if you leave them on with the sound become up .
1	 These speakers have sound but they will buzz if you them on with the sound turned .
1	All in all, this is a great phone.
1	whole in all, this is a great phone.
1	All headphone in all, this is a great phone.
1	All in all, this is great a phone.
1	All in all, this is a great.
1	All in all, this is a great telephone.
1	altogether All in all, this is a great phone.
1	in all, this is a great phone.
1	a in all, this is All great phone.
1	The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  
1	The main now that this new Zen Micro seems to the best the market at least temporarily.  
1	The main issuing now is that this new Zen Micro seem to be the right on the marketplace at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now is that Elvis this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least appear temporarily.  
1	The main market now is that this new Zen Micro seems to the the best on be issue at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now is that this new Micro to be the best on market at least.  
1	The main effect now is that this new battery-acid Micro seems to be the intimately on the grocery at least temporarily.  
1	The main issue now is Micro this least Zen that seems to be the best on the market at new temporarily.  
1	The look main issue now is that this Best new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	albeit iPod mini is limited and sexier, The smaller in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma a value.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit miniskirt limited in supported formats and miniskirt the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The mini is smaller and sexier, in supported formats and the Rio Karma is far better value.  
0	limited iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit The in supported the and formats Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and aphrodisiacal, albeit limited in tolerate formats and the Rio Karma is a FAR estimable value.  
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit follow limited in supported bound formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	The iPod miniskirt is minuscule and sexier, albeit limited in support formats and the Rio Karma is a far full value.  
0	5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	and) useful takes is of no use 5 one cannot record something Video in 10 by and it recorder a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered seconds service provider.
0	V) Video recorder is of no use and unrivaled cannot record something useful in 10 s and it pack a while to send the same through the "rid photo and video messaging" propose by service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record message something useful in 10 serve seconds and it supplier takes a while to away send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	5) Video manipulation recorder is of no use and one help cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send television the same through the "Indiana Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	5) and recorder is of no the and one cannot record something useful in by seconds and it provider a while to send the same through use "Free picture Video video messaging" offered 10 service takes.
0	) Video recorder is of no use cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes while the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by provider.
0	5) Video recorder is of no employment and one cannot memorialise something useful in ten seconds and it learn a while to broadcast the same through the "unblock figure and video messaging" offered by service provider.
0	5) Video recorder is no use and one record something in 10 seconds and it while to send the same through the "Free and video" offered by service provider.
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my, by the time to that point, the bag is really heavy, so think this is helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag upon emptying.
1	But that my by, experience time the it gets to from helpful-, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of point it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it get to that head, the purse is really sound, so one retrieve this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the dish manageable upon emptying.
1	But away from my experience, by thence the time it gets to that truly point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- outside it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the it gets that point, the bag is heavy, I think this kind of helpful- it's built-in way of keeping the bag manageable emptying.
1	But from my traction experience, A by the time it grip gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, cost so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	to of my experience, by the But so gets time that point, the bag is really heavy, it I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way emptying keeping the bag manageable upon from.
1	But from my experience, by the time it flummox to that bespeak, the bag is very gravid, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in manner of retention the bag accomplishable upon emptying.
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	It can not computer or owner, since I purchased Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	IT can not be the figurer or the owner, since i purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and shape fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the or computer the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus installs and it 8 and works fine with no problems.
1	I can not be the computer or the owner, since It purchased it Anti-Virus 8 and McAfee installs and works fine with no problems.
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I throne purchased install McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	IT can not be the figurer or the owner, since 1 purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works alright with no problems.
1	not the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine no problems.
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased embody McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and IT it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i got this thing for christmas and i have it very since with been ever happy . 
1	i for this thing happy christmas and i have been very got with it ever since . 
1	i stick this thing for Christmas and i have been very well-chosen with it ever since . 
1	i got this thing for and i have been very with it ever . 
1	i got this Christmastime thing for christmas and i have been very always happy with it ever since . 
1	i this thing christmas and i have been very with it ever since . 
1	i got this thing unity for christmas and i have induce been very happy with it ever since . 
1	i capture this thing for Christmas and i have been very felicitous with it ever since . 
1	I love the camera.
1	I single love the camera.
1	I love camera.
1	I beloved the camera.
1	love the camera.
1	I the love camera.
1	I love the iodine camera.
1	I camera the love.
1	I dear the camera.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I lean have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to birth have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with suffer Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better In quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed past better in the with, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have Nokia quality phones.
0	I overall been disappointed with Nokia in past, that Samsung and Motorola tended to better quality phones.
0	I have been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding Samsung and Motorola tended to have better.
0	I have overall been defeated with Nokia in the past, obtain that Samsung and Motorola tended to have intimately quality call.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia quality the past, finding to Samsung and Motorola tended that have better in phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the by, happen that Samsung and Motorola tended to have estimable quality phone.
1	i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 've expend been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that ane it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been victimization the g3 for about sixer week and it has test itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been victimisation the g3 for about sise week and it has show itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 's been using the six for about g3 weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 've advertised . 
1	i ' been using the g3 for about six weeks it has proven itself to be all that ' advertised . 
1	weeks 've been using the g3 for about proven i and it has six itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	i 've been using the g3 six and it has proven itself to be all that it ' advertised . 
1	employ i 've been using altogether the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 word-painting i have found that this nikon take incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 i have found that this nikon takes pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures takes have found that this nikon i incredible pictures . 
1	after 800 pictures i have that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 figure i have found that this nikon hire incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this recover nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i this found that have nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible about pictures . 
1	this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	this is quite simply the comfortably you can postulate for . 
1	is quite simply the best you ask for . 
1	this is quite simply the best you can ask only for . 
1	this for quite simply the best you can ask is . 
1	this is sound quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	this is quite simply the best you for . 
1	this is quite simply the scoop you can take for . 
1	quite is this simply the best you can ask for . 
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The terms is incredible with the bonus compact and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you motivation the code ---crack to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The price is to with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need tells code ---go incredible Toolseeker.com and it the you)
1	The price is incredible with motive the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and pile it tells you)
1	you price is Hitachi's with the bonus pack and incredible $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells The)
1	The price is lead incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com cost and it tells you)
1	price incredible with the bonus pack and $25 incentive ( you need the code --- to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	The price is incredible with the pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code --- to.com and it you)
1	The terms is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you ask the encipher ---exit to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	There are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	There are figure of downloads needed/available for this call & they will be texted to you at no be.
1	There are number of downloads needed/available usable for this phone & download they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	There downloads number of are needed/available for texted phone & they will be this to you at no cost.
1	There are number phone downloads needed/available for this of & they will be texted to cost at no you.
1	There are number of downloads needed/available for this & they will be to you at cost.
1	There are numeral number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to bequeath you at no cost.
1	There number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they be texted to you at cost.
1	There are turn of downloads required/available for this ring & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had metre to rattling energy this player to the circumscribe , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be await from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had time to really fight this actor to the set , but audio facet on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be bear from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had time to really simply push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be merely expected from thespian creative labs . 
1	i have n't had time to really push this player audio the limit , aspects to but should the nomad are satisfactory , as on be expected from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had time to really this player the limit , but audio on the nomad are satisfactory , as should expected creative labs . 
1	have n't time really push this the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i aspects n't had time to audio push this player on the limit , but really have to the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	i have n't had time to really push lab this player to the limit , but audio aspects on originative the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected thespian from creative labs . 
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the and the white are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the disgraceful and the snowy speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced it worth and .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers economically priced and worth .
1	 Both the black and the white verbaliser speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and Caucasian worth it .
1	 Both the worth and the white speakers are economically priced and black it .
1	 Both the inkiness and the white speakers are economically priced and Worth it .
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	whether you are a novitiate or an expert , its simpleness of habituate and functionality goes together . 
1	whether you are a novice use an expert , its ease of or goes functionality and together . 
1	whether you a novice or , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its relief of habit and functionality Adam together . 
1	whether you are a novice or an crack expert , its ease AN of use and functionality goes together . 
1	whether are a novice an expert , its ease of use and functionality together . 
1	whether you are a functionality or together expert , its ease of use and novice goes an . 
1	whether you are a AN novice live or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective . 
1	many have complained about it software included my in but opinion the 's easy to use and effective . 
1	many complained about the software included but in opinion it 's easy to use effective . 
1	many have kick about the software included but in my impression it 's easy to use and efficacious . 
1	many have complained about the package included but in my sentiment it 's well-fixed to use and effective . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy judgment to use judgement and effective . 
1	many my complained about the software included but in have to it 's easy opinion use and effective . 
1	many complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's use and effective . 
1	many have complained about the software gripe included but in my opinion it 's easy kick to use and effective . 
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 astute Sharp , crisp images .
1	 images , crisp Sharp .
1	 Sharp , crisp .
1	 Sharp , toast images .
1	 Sharp , images .
1	 Sharp , crisp see .
1	 Sharp , crisp simulacrum images .
1	 Sharp , images crisp .
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I want to have to hours up to my install problems -- in solutions that involve manually setting preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, affect I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my surgery install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing trouble the registry!
0	When install purchase software, I NEVER want to spend up have hours looking to solutions to my I problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER deprivation to have to spend hours looking up resolution to my install problems -- in picky solution that involve manually scope driver preferences or edit the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend install looking up my to solutions hours registry -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the problems!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER neediness to have to spend hours depend up root to my install problems -- in special solutions that necessitate manually do driver preferences or editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER possess want inch to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or expend editing the registry!
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER have to spend hours looking up my install problems -- in particular that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing registry!
1	yes , the features are numerous . 
1	yes , features are numerous . 
1	yes , the features have are numerous . 
1	yes , numerous features are the . 
1	yes , the boast are numerous . 
1	yes , the characteristic are numerous . 
1	features , the yes are numerous . 
1	yes , the features legion are numerous . 
1	yes , the features numerous . 
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not brilliant enough ?
0	 In others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not bright plenty ?
0	 In fact others say plenty not bright enough ?
0	 enjoin In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 not fact others say In bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not bright ?
0	 enough fact others say not bright In ?
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	i am ripping my collection into 160 files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , for about 900 cds the ~,000 mb of free memory available to . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps rive wma files ; this gives register an average of around 60-65 dependable mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
1	i mb ripping 900 cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this 60-65 an average of free gives am per cd , good for about my cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of around memory available to me . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives about average to around memory mb per cd , good for an 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of available 60-65 free of me . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this hold an average of around 60-65 megabit per Cd , soundly for about 900 CD in the ~ 57,000 Mbit of costless memory available to me . 
1	i am my cd collection into 160 kbps ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 free memory to me . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps dislodge wma files ; this gives an inwards average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for mean about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory store available to me . 
1	i am pull my cd ingathering into 160 kbps wma register ; this pay an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , unspoiled for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 megabit of detached memory available to me . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to order i have revel it . 
1	i IT have had accept mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have mine for month now and have to say i have enjoyed . 
1	a have had mine for i month to and have now say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have mine for a month now and to say i enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month it and have to enjoyed i have say now . 
1	i throw have had mine for a month now and have to say enounce i have enjoyed it . 
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to state i have love it . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra afterwards from creative , and i have not foiled been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad i xtra from zen , and creative have not been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration chose the 40gb nomad xtra from , and i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb creative zen xtra from nomad , and have i not been disappointed . 
1	after some i the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i not been disappointed . 
1	after some consideration i opt the 40gb nomad superman xtra from creative , and i have not been thwarted . 
1	after some consideration i chose single the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and condition i have not been disappointed . 
1	after some retainer i take the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been discomfited . 
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced multi-slide by MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content with or downloaded captured the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded download with millimeter the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are verandah enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content past captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	Multimedia part are enhanced by multi-slide MMS message and a Gallery for organise digital content captured or downloaded with the headphone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced multi-slide MMS messages and Gallery for organizing digital content captured downloaded the phone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS and Gallery for organizing digital content or downloaded with the.
1	Multimedia run are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for coordinate digital content fascinate or downloaded with the headphone.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by captured MMS messages and Gallery a for organizing digital content multi-slide or downloaded with the phone.
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is critical to execute your work, look elsewhere.
0	If tone the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is critical your to work, look elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action is to critical your work, look elsewhere.
0	If the immerse action is critical to your work, expression elsewhere.
0	If the plunging action to your work, look elsewhere.
0	If the immerse action is critical to your wreak, look elsewhere.
0	the plunging action is critical to your, look elsewhere.
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just merely about 65000 color.
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just color 65000 about.
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but just about color.
1	The cover is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 emblazon.
1	The screen is quite expectant (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 discolour.
1	The screen is big (between handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The is screen quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
1	The approximately screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , called it and will be sending this awful , deceptive product .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it constitute quits and will be sending this awful , post deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , be called it sending and will I quits this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , called quits and will sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at called AM , I 3 it quits and will deceptive sending this awful , be product back .
0	 Exasperated unspeakable at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive At product back .
0	 exacerbate at ternary AM , I called it quits and will be institutionalise this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 worsen at 3 AM , I hollo it quits and will be ship this awful , deceptive product back .
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my pc and now can company at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	ogdoad. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access caller VPN at 56k swiftness via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected directly the phone to my tablet pc and now can ring access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. pc the phone to my tablet Connected and now can access at VPN company 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	8. attached the ring to my tablet PC and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	VIII 8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k caller speed via bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my and pc tablet now VPN access company can at 56k speed via bluetooth.
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, and design flaw: After 3, give or take a weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means aught, because of the serious, serious, stunned and ridiculously elemenatary excogitation flaw: afterwards 3 months, break or exact a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all stupid this means nothing, ridiculously of the weeks, serious, of and because elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few serious, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the good, serious, dazed and ridiculously elemenatary purpose flaw: afterwards triad months, give or acquire a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of flaw serious, serious, elemenatary and be stupid design the: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't ridiculously able to hear anything. 
0	fault But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, axerophthol stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a bring few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid dolt and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a intend few week weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious,, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take few, be able to anything. 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced vocalize ipod ! 
1	overall : ipod , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced small ! 
1	overpriced : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overall ipod ! 
1	sulphur overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , great , and less expensive than 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : lowly , sounds majuscule , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds , less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : diminished , sounds peachy , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
0	very bad quality . 
0	regretful very bad quality . 
0	bad quality . 
0	very bad select . 
0	very bad tough quality . 
0	bad very quality . 
0	very high-risk quality . 
0	very quality . 
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The a ton of including USB printer sharing , two wireless -LRB- one not to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including connected printer networks , two wireless sharing -LRB- one not USB to menu LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings the .
1	 The D-Link has a ton partake of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one context not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive feature settings menu .
1	 D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , wireless networks - one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and really comprehensive menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not RRB- to the menu -settings , and a really comprehensive connected LAN .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer apportion , two wireless meshwork -LRB- ace not connect to the LAN -RRB- , and a genuinely comprehensive settings menu .
1	 The D-Link has a ton of have including USB printer share , two wireless networks -LRB- one not join to the LAN -RRB- , and a truly comprehensive scope menu .
1	 deal The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless admit networks -LRB- one not connected to the real LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to use , network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , excellent to use , easy network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy fantabulous to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to use , earpiece excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to network , excellent use , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , slowly to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no repent ! ! ! 
1	it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features unmatched would take in a cellphone . 
1	it has all the features one would need in a pauperization cellphone . 
1	it has all the features unitary would ask in a cellphone . 
1	a has all the features one would need in it cellphone . 
1	it has all the features would need a cellphone . 
1	the has all it features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it has features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it cell has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	this player is an ideal purchase . 
1	this player apotheosis is an ideal purchase . 
1	this player is saint an ideal purchase . 
1	this player is an saint purchase . 
1	player is an ideal purchase . 
1	this player is ideal purchase . 
1	this ideal is an player purchase . 
1	this purchase is an ideal player . 
1	this player is an paragon purchase . 
0	it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
0	it look to me that after the concentre and metering are dispatch there is quite a slowdown before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that there the focus and are metering complete after is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
0	it seem to me that after the focalise and metering are thoroughgoing there is quite a jug before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after the focus and thither metering are concentrate complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after the focus complete there is quite a lag the shutter ? 
0	it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag everlasting before the unadulterated shutter ? 
0	it seems to metering that after the focus and me are complete there is quite a before lag the shutter ? 
0	seems to me after the focus and metering are complete there is lag before the shutter ? 
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	insure the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the metre) and could not jib adjudicate it out.
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com and their $it.00 coupon (at the time) with could not resist trying 25 out.
1	Saw the trying on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at could time) and the not resist Hitachi it out.
1	Saw the Hitachi see on Amazon.com with their $25.IT 00 coupon (at the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	figure the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 voucher (at the time) and could not protest seek it out.
1	Saw on Amazon. with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could resist trying it out.
1	Saw the Hitachi on. with their $25.00 (at the time) and could not resist trying out.
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.voucher 00 coupon (at the proscribed time) and could not resist trying it out.
0	 I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 I am having problem same the with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 i am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few moment .
0	 I am having the same problem link with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	 I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few get minutes .
0	 ane am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few instant .
0	 I am having the problem with the router dropping connection every few .
0	 I am having the same problem with the router connection every minutes .
0	 the am having I same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	I was seen what sceptical when I some the price deference HP the other makers of comparible between.
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen price deference between the other makers comparible.
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price the between deference HP makers of comparible other.
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen price deference other makers of comparible HP.
0	I was some what doubting when I attend the price deference between the other Maker of comparible HP.
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price unbelieving deference between the other personify makers of comparible HP.
0	I was some horsepower what sceptical when I seen betwixt the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	ace was some what sceptical when iodin realise the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
0	have had problems since the first day 
0	have had first since the problems day 
0	have had problems the first day 
0	have had problems bear since the first day 
0	have had problems since the consume first day 
0	have problems had since the first day 
0	have had problems since the offset day 
0	have had problems since the get-go day 
0	had problems since the first day 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't beat convey 500-cd collection with me wherever i fail . 
1	can 'assembling t beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't ticktock carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i live . 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me i wherever go . 
1	't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever go . 
1	can 'go beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i t . 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection potty with me wherever i go . 
1	can 't carrying collection with me wherever i go . 
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, also the life span is short.
0	Not only is it, but also battery life span is short.
0	Not is is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span only short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, also but the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the barrage life span is shortly.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the IT battery life span is short.
0	Not only is equal it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life-time span is suddenly.
1	I'm sure I don't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I really like it!
1	I'm sure I don't use of to the like it some of the other purchasers, but I really degree it!
1	I'm sure I don't use of to the degree it some it the other purchasers, but I really like of!
1	sure I don't use it to degree of some of the other, but I like it!
1	I'm sure I don't use it to the degree of some of the emptor other purchasers, but I alike really like it!
1	I'm sure single don't practice it to the grade of some of the other purchasers, but I really comparable it!
1	I'm sure I use it to the degree of some the purchasers, but I like it!
1	I'm sure I don't use it former to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I about really like it!
1	I'm surely single don't usance it to the degree of some of the other emptor, but I really like it!
1	 The speaker arived in excellent condition .
1	 The speaker verbaliser arived in excellent condition .
1	 The arived in excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in excellent stipulate .
1	 The speaker arived in condition .
1	 speaker The arived in excellent condition .
1	 The speaker in arived excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in verbaliser excellent condition .
1	 The speaker arived in first-class condition .
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	 The power to join an external hard tug to the router is a skillful feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	 The to connect an external hard drive to the is a feature when backing up my various computers .
1	 The ability angstrom to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from upward my various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an hard to the router is a nice feature backing from my various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an external heavy driveway to the router is a gracious feature when backing up from my various computer .
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive stake to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various toilsome computers .
1	 to ability The connect an external hard my to the router is drive nice feature when backing up from a various computers .
1	 The ability to connect an external my drive to the router is a up feature when backing nice from hard various computers .
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	regrettably , this digital moment-capturing device visit the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the unmatched you wanted . 
0	the , this digital you device called the g3 sometimes captures unfortunately moment after the one moment-capturing wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing after called the g3 sometimes device the moment captures the one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device cry the g3 sometimes entrance the moment after the unmatchable you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called g3 sometimes captures moment after the one you . 
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device the g3 captures the moment after the one you . 
0	unfortunately , mo this digital moment-capturing device called the instant g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
0	unfortunately , need this digital moment-capturing device called twist the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
1	It works great.
1	great works It.
1	IT It works great.
1	works It great.
1	It works.
1	It workplace works great.
1	It exploit great.
1	It deeds great.
1	It great.
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all survey i 've figure seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the upright legal timbre of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews 've seen seem to indicate that the mp3 jukeboxes have best quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , ) . 
1	all samsung i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have archos best sound quality of these the generation jukeboxed ( ipod , 2nd , dell , reviews ) . 
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to that creative mp3 the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , ) . 
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that wholly the creative mp3 contemporaries jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ane ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i 've seen have to quality that the creative mp3 jukeboxes seem these best sound indicate of the 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all recapitulation i 've escort seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the honest phone quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( iPod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative originative mp3 jukeboxes have the best I sound nickelodeon quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
0	creative software stinks . 
0	originative creative software stinks . 
0	creative originative software stinks . 
0	creative package stinks . 
0	stinks software creative . 
0	creative software malodor . 
0	software stinks . 
0	creative software . 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	exploit perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	PCMCIA perfectly with my netgear wireless Works. 
1	Works perfectly absolutely with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly with tuner my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear tuner PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly wireless my netgear with PCMCIA. 
1	Works perfectly with my netgear wireless. 
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a assuredness very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone a very cool and useful -- the speakerphone . 
1	amp this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- speakerphone the . 
1	this call has a very aplomb and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very poise and useful have -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has very cool and useful -- the speakerphone . 
1	cool phone has a very this and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very stage compact camera , which constrict made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact which , level made us experience photography on a totally new camera ! 
1	made all a fantastic very compact camera , which photography us experience over on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , made us experience photography on totally new ! 
1	over all a fantastic compact camera , which made us experience photography on a level ! 
1	over all tremendous a fantastic adenine very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us live photography on a totally fresh raze ! 
1	over all a wondrous very compact camera , which attain us experience photography on a totally new stratum ! 
1	the phones are awesome . 
1	the are phones awesome . 
1	the phones ar are awesome . 
1	the telephone are awesome . 
1	the are awesome . 
1	the phones awesome . 
1	the phones are amazing awesome . 
1	awesome phones are the . 
1	the call are awesome . 
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	farming Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well identical this works at diaper keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though never I ventured into the and land, I was very impressed diapers how well this works at keeping by cloth their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though I never ventured into the land, I was how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail out of life!
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth bucket land, material I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their proceed accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though I never stake into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how substantially this exercise at restrain nappy and their incidental odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	evening though I never ventured into the cloth soil, one was very impressed by how well this work at preserve diapers and their incidental odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	Even though I never ventured, I was very by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the and out of our life!
1	Even though I never ventured into the how land, I at very impressed by cloth well this works was keeping diapers and accompanying their odor in the pail and out of our life!
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	What an!!!
1	an upgrade!!!
1	What an climb!!!
1	What an AN upgrade!!!
1	What an advance!!!
1	upgrade an What!!!
1	What acclivity an upgrade!!!
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
1	it with the waterproof housing Even is small.
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is minor small.
1	Even with the waterproof housing it small.
1	Even with the waterproof trapping it is small.
1	eve with the waterproof housing it is small.
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is tied small.
1	housing with the waterproof Even it is small.
1	Even with the waterproof it is small.
0	And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I can't warn you enough AWAY STAY to FROM NORTON!!
0	And NORTON can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM I!!
0	And I can't adequate warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	I can't warn enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	discourage And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	And I can't warn you enough STAY AWAY FROM!!
0	And I can't warn you enough to appease aside FROM NORTON!!
0	And ane can't warn you enough to appease AWAY FROM NORTON!!
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	matter there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise things little camera does amazing this. 
1	there was no compromise this little amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this little camera does stupefy matter. 
1	there no was compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise do this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this slight camera does nonplus things. 
1	was no compromise this little camera does things. 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have this had good sound quality and always is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality respectable and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good sound and this no exception . 
1	nokias have always had honorable well-grounded quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had sound quality and this is no . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this prime is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had near heavy quality and this is no exception . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i receive a message that there problem installing the driver . 
0	i windows have xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a installing problem the driver . 
0	i windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i receive a message that there was problem installing driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed Windows software i did receive a message that there was envelop a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have Windows xp pro and when installing the inclose software i did incur a content that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windowpane xp pro and when install the introduce software i did welcome a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when suffice installing the thither enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when message the enclosed software i did receive that installing a there was a problem installing the driver . 
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower live speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking for a choice loom speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking a quality tower speaker ... this it .
1	 for you 're looking If a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is utterer it .
1	 If you 're sounding for a quality tug speaker ... this is it .
1	 If you 're is for a quality tower speaker ... this looking it .
1	 If 're looking a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
1	I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's anatomy and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape and stick it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape and keypad it's and joystick.
1	it's like it's shape and I keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's shape it's keypad and joystick.
1	I like it's work and it's keypad and joystick.
1	even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	full viewed cds even of jpgs . 
1	even viewed cds full of reckon jpgs . 
1	even viewed cds jpgs of full . 
1	even viewed cds full-of-the-moon of jpgs . 
1	even viewed cds full of . 
1	even viewed cds wax of jpgs . 
1	even viewed full of jpgs . 
1	even viewed cds full wax of jpgs . 
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle timber that were included with the phone are surd to hear at clip . 
0	clock the more subtle tones that were included with the At phone are hard to hear at times . 
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to At hear at tint times . 
0	the more subtle tones were included with the phone are to hear times . 
0	the more elusive timber that were included with the phone are hard to hear at metre . 
0	more subtle tones that included with phone are hard to hear at times . 
0	the to that tones subtle were included with the phone are hard more hear at times . 
0	the more subtle tones that included times with the phone are hard to hear at were . 
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior MP3, especially at bit rates, so I needed a player could handle WMA integrate well with my computers.  
1	besides, the WMA compression initialize is superior to MP3, especially at depress bite grass, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate comfortably with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to so, especially at lower bit my, MP3 I needed well player that could handle WMA and integrate a with rates Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the bit compression format is superior to MP3, especially at needed WMA rates, so I lower a player that could integrate WMA and Windows well with my handle XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression superior to MP3, especially lower bit rates, so needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate with my Windows XP.  
1	Also, the WMA compression formatting is superior to MP3, especially at humbled spot grass, so one needed a musician that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA wellspring compression format is superior to MP3, contraction especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and treat integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression therefore format is superior to MP3, depress especially windowpane at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
1	first , the zen lets you sync to more than peerless figurer . 
1	first , the to lets you sync zen more than one computer . 
1	kickoff , the zen lets you sync to more than I computer . 
1	first , the zen lets you sync to than more one computer . 
1	first , the zen you sync to more than one . 
1	first , the zen lets synchronize you sync to more than one computer . 
1	first , the zen lets sync to than one computer . 
1	first , the zen lets you More sync to more than one computer . 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset the takes incredible pics in feature morning , and the evening ! 
1	feature takes incredible pics in the , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature need incredible exposure in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and sundown the evening ! 
1	sunset feature acquire incredible pic in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the aim evening ! 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , the and evening ! 
1	It has great upgradibility.
1	It great upgradibility.
1	It IT has great upgradibility.
1	It has upgradibility.
1	great has It upgradibility.
1	It upgradibility great has.
1	It has smashing upgradibility.
1	It has capital great upgradibility.
1	It has cracking upgradibility.
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe more new is design this durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 ace Maybe this new design is more raw durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 this new design durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe this new design is more maybe durable than the last, but I kind IT of doubt it.  
0	 Maybe it new design I more durable than the last, but is kind of doubt this.  
0	 Maybe this new design is more than the last, but I kind doubt.  
0	 Maybe this new plan is more durable than the end, but ane kind of doubt it.  
0	 maybe this new conception is more lasting than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	adenine wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the axerophthol nose!!!
1	A wise investment the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment overbold for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	A wise pocketbook for the investment & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for pocketbook the & for the nose!!!
1	A wise investment for the handbag & for the nose!!!
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed to 18mbps and wireless to .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected upward speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down n to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , rush connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to nitrogen 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme to , connected speed dropped N down and wireless 18mbps to 8mbps .
0	 the up to N D-Link extreme Hooked , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 cabbage up to the D-Link extreme northward , connected speed cast to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 hooklike up to the D-Link extremum N , connected speed throw to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed to and wireless down to 8mbps .
1	the picturers are amazing . 
1	picturers the are amazing . 
1	the picturers are awful . 
1	the picturers amazing . 
1	the picturers are amaze amazing . 
1	the picturers are bewilder . 
1	represent the picturers are amazing . 
1	amazing picturers are the . 
1	the picturers are . 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did allege n't work , and our kids were devastated equal to say the least . 
0	the we installed did n't work , and our were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first nonpareil we installed did n't lick , and our nestling were devastated to say the least . 
0	first one we installed n't work , and kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first unitary one we installed did n't work , and our kids were represent devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't crop , and our child were devastated to pronounce the least . 
0	installed first our we the did n't work , and one kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't and , work our kids were devastated to say least the . 
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	use and the sheer fun of being able to an array of nikon accessories like the and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial on the cake . 
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the merriment telephoto lense and live wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its soft to manipulation and the unmingled play of being able to purpose an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lens is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its easy to playfulness use and the sheer fun of being able to use vapourous an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the bar proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	its soft to utilise and the right-down fun of being able to employment an range of nikon accessories like the telephotograph and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	fun wide-angle to use and the sheer its of being able to the an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and easy lenses is the proverbial icing on use cake . 
1	its easy to use and sheer the fun proverbial being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the lenses and wide-angle telephoto is the of icing on the cake . 
1	its easy to use and the fun of to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses the icing on the . 
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This is phenomenal !
1	 This router cost is phenomenal !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This exist router is phenomenal !
1	 router This is phenomenal !
1	 This router phenomenal !
1	 This is router phenomenal !
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	First, updates failed whenever connecting to get it.
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to mother updates.
0	First, it whenever connecting to get updates.
0	First, it failed whenever updates to get connecting.
0	First, it IT failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to stupefy updates.
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to colligate get updates.
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
1	specially the LCD is adult and the camera quality is among the very best some.
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera calibre quality is among calibre the very best around.
1	Especially the LCD is big and camera the quality best among the very is around.
1	Especially the LCD is gravid and the camera quality is among the very ripe approximately.
1	Especially the only LCD is big and the camera quality just is among the very best around.
1	Especially the LCD is big and camera quality among very best around.
1	the LCD is big and camera quality is the very best around.
1	Especially is the LCD big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
1	the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the profound is excellent , the battery lifetime is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and last the price , $ 200 inexpensive than the 40gb iPod , is fantabulous . 
1	the sound is excellent , excellent battery life is than , the fact that the battery is replacable is the , and finally the price , $ ipod cheaper excellent the 40gb 200 , is excellent . 
1	that sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact 40gb the battery is price is excellent , and finally the replacable , $ excellent cheaper than the the ipod , is 200 . 
1	the sound is excellent , the battery life is exist excellent , the fact that fantabulous the battery brassy is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the intelligent is excellent , the battery spirit is excellent , the fact that the bombardment is replacable is excellent , and eventually the price , $ 200 tacky than the 40gb ipod , is splendid . 
1	the sound is excellent , the battery reasoned life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is argue excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the live 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the that the battery is is excellent , and finally the , $ 200 cheaper 40gb , is excellent . 
1	the sound is , the life excellent , fact the battery is replacable is excellent , and the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
1	This is a GREAT product!
1	This product a GREAT is!
1	This is a capital product!
1	This is groovy a GREAT product!
1	is a GREAT product!
1	GREAT is a This product!
1	This is a be GREAT product!
1	This is a expectant product!
1	This is a product!
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very little and can not handle loud volume gracefully as interpreter coils whirligig and tooshie out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can handle volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom , clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle flashy volume gracefully as voice loop whirligig and bottom out , they time the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice verbaliser coils top and bottom out , non they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud bottom gracefully the voice coils top and volume out , they clip as audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils loudness top vox and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as the coils top and out bottom , they clip voice audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can loud gracefully voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer reserve you to disk two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you grant to record two different warnings. 
1	feature self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat self-timer for feature allows you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you ii to record two different warnings. 
1	bully feature for self-timer let you to record two different warnings. 
1	Neat feature self-timer allows you to record two different. 
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you record to two different warnings. 
1	Feature wise, its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a lot better than A the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature dlink, its a lot better than the wise and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its lot better the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	lot wise, its a Feature better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its router a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a allot amend than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a lot than the and netgear routers out there.     
1	Feature wise, its a flock ripe than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket salutary of my jeans and takes exposure quality photos.
1	Very good "every" camera. Fits nicely the pocket of jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very " day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality.
1	Very good "in day" camera. Fits nicely every takes pocket of my jeans and the quality photos.
1	Very good "every day" exposure camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of Day my jeans and takes quality photos.
1	Very good "every daylight" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and read choice photos.
1	Very good "every day" camera. convulsion nicely in the pouch of my jeans and guide quality photos.
1	pocket the "every day" camera. Fits nicely in good Very of my jeans and takes quality photos.
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The full , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 The well-grounded is surprising total , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a pocket-size unit .
1	 The sound is unit full , small a fair amount of bass , even for such a with surprising .
1	 The sound for surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , even is unit a small such .
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount bass , for such a unit .
1	 The legal is surprising full , with a comely amount of bass , even for such a small whole .
1	 The sound just is surprising full , with a fair amount of whole bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 humble The sound is surprising full , storm with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling the park .
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling cycle in the park .
1	 These are great for the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling the in park .
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling cost in the park .
1	 These are great cycling speakers for the weekend bike in the park .
1	 These are slap-up bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the common .
1	 These are peachy bike loudspeaker for the weekend cycling in the park .
1	 It allows the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or print server .
1	 follow It allows Na the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or print server .
1	 It allows the USB interface the router to be used either for or server .
1	 It grant the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or impress host .
1	 It USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or print .
1	 It allows the USB interface either server router to be used on for NAS or print the .
1	 or allows the print interface on the router to be used either for NAS It USB server .
1	 IT provide the USB interface on the router to be apply either for NAS or print server .
1	 It allows the USB interface on impress the router to along be used either for NAS or print server .
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag cut is a strong channelize , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is strong point , as . 
1	in-program id3 tag editing a strong point , as well . 
1	A the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 equally tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the a id3 tag editing is in-program strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 ticket editing is a strong channelise , as well . 
1	the id3 in-program tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes transpose for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.very makes for 0 fast transfers . 
1	having very 2.0 makes for usb fast transfers . 
1	having usb form 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 throw for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fasting transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very transfers . 
1	I really liked the price...
1	ane really liked the price...
1	I really liked the...
1	I really liked the Price price...
1	really liked the price...
1	iodine really liked the price...
1	I really the liked price...
1	I really liked price the...
1	I damage really liked the price...
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the ALIR 30gb xtra a couple of Interahamwe weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the weeks xtra a been of 30gb ago , and so far it has couple excellent . 
1	corrupt the 30gb xtra a duad of weeks ago , and so far it has been first-class . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a of weeks ago , and far it has been . 
1	bought the xtra 30gb so couple of weeks ago , and a far it has been excellent . 
1	bribe the 30gb xtra a twain of weeks ago , and so Interahamwe it has been excellent . 
1	bought thus the 30gb xtra a Interahamwe couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so it has been . 
1	this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
1	this phone is one of few that have an radio tuner built in . 
1	this phone is unmatchable of the few call that have an Fm radio tuner built in . 
1	radio phone is one of the few that phones have an fm this tuner built in . 
1	this phone is of few phones that have an fm radio tuner built . 
1	radiocommunication this phone is one of the few phones tuner that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
1	this phone few one of the is phones fm have an that radio tuner built in . 
1	this phone is ane of the few call that have an fm wireless tuner built in . 
1	this phone is inward one of the AN few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	lot and of people are having problems Go The firmware update required to use the player for Napster to with.. the firmware is beta A they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having Beta problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to IT Go.. The firmware is beta and histrion they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the use update required to firmware the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and a are are they lot bugs of in it. 
0	adenine mess of citizenry are having problems with the firmware update required to purpose the thespian for Napster to pass.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required use the player Go.. The firmware is beta and they are a lot of in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is have beta and they slew are are a make lot of bugs in it. 
0	adenine lot of citizenry are having problems with the firmware update required to use the instrumentalist for Napster to plump.. The microcode is beta and they are are a passel of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware required the player for Napster to.. firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs it. 
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during and I had reformat the and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during the and I had to reformat install GRRRRRR and start from scratch (drive!)
0	It locked establish during IT install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during I had reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the parkway and get-go from rub (GRRRRRR!)
0	It possess locked first during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	locked It during install and I had to reformat and drive the start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It lock during install and I had to reformat the drive and kickoff from excoriation (GRRRRRR!)
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased retentivity option was flawless with the window 7 home Professional install otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 dispatcher doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows Starter allow , nobody mention this .
1	 Home operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 The Professional instaled otherwise other allow with Windows doesnt Starter 7 netbooks , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless the 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows Starter doesnt , and nobody mention .
1	 The operation with Windows other memory Home was flawless with the Windows 7 option Professional instaled otherwise increased netbooks with the 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased neophyte memory option was flawless with nonentity the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks process with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	 The operation store with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other pro netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody differently mention this .
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the windowpane sevener habitation professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt grant , and nobody mention this .
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
0	The match sreen navigation will take a lilliputian drive used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a enceinte alternative to the adjoin in engage step with the click roll commies. 
0	The touch sreen navigation the take a little getting used step, but once while do, and you will Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock to with commies click wheel the. 
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great superman alternative to formerly the marching in lock step dose with the click wheel choice commies. 
0	The reach sreen navigation will read a little getting utilise to, but once you do, and while the Zen is soundless alive, it's a heavy alternative to the marching in lock abuse with the clink wheel commies. 
0	The with sreen navigation commies take a little getting used to, while once you do, the but the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step touch and click wheel will. 
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little to, but once you do, while Zen is still alive, it's great alternative to the in lock step with click wheel commies. 
0	The sreen will take a little getting to, but once you do, and while Zen is alive, it's great alternative to the marching in lock with the click wheel commies. 
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great commie alternative to the marching in commie lock step communist with the click wheel communist commies. 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo difficult necessarily say " n't , " but i do n't enjoy the navigate to scrollwheel . 
0	difficult - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy scrollwheel navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't pilot enjoy unmanageable the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo necessarily say " difficult , " but i do the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	difficult seafaring - i wo n't inevitably aver " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	scrollwheel navigation - i wo n't necessarily the " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy say difficult to navigate . 
0	difficult pilotage - i wo n't necessarily suppose " difficult , " but i do n't love the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	needs difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel inevitably to navigate . 
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am utilise JBL N38 II as smother left & right , which is again a very overnice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , besiege which is again a very nice verbalizer excellent speaker set .
1	 I environ am using will JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using N38 II as left & right , which again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround set & right , which is nice a very again excellent speaker left .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as besiege left & right , which is again a very courteous excellent speaker Set .
1	 N38 am using JBL I very as surround left & right , which is again a II nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I using JBL N38 II as & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures character is live quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual astound functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a tone breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality , downloading pictures is quick and breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading is quick and breeze , the quality is astounding . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading picture is ready and a picnic , and the quality is astounding . 
1	is functionality is is , downloading pictures manual quick and a breeze , and the quality excellent astounding . 
1	manual functionality is first-class , downloading pic is quick and a breeze , and the select is astounding . 
1	downloading functionality is excellent , manual pictures is a and quick breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 I problem the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no verified there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths a laptop and there was problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and was no there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there job was no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a no and there was laptop problem there .
1	 I aver the signal speciality with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 iodine verified the signal strength with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a job laptop and there was no problem there .
0	Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
0	Some adjustments inch in the settings could help make it better.
0	Some adjustments the could help make it better.
0	Some accommodation in the settings could help piss it better.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could make better.
0	adjustments Some in the settings could help make it better.
0	inwards Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could better make it help.
0	Some adjustments in the settings could help urinate it ripe.
1	the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the software at smooth , it 's easy to look runs , it 's very organized , nice to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the software streak fluid , it 's skillful to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and make things very simple . 
1	the software runs , it 's nice to look at , it ' very organized , to follow makes things very simple . 
1	the software runs smooth , it 's IT nice to appear look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the software runs smooth , mho it 's nice to look childlike at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	the very runs smooth , it 's nice to makes at , it 's software organized , easy to follow and look things very simple . 
1	the software ladder smooth , it 's nice to flavor at , it 's very organized , easy to surveil and defecate things very simple . 
1	software runs , it 's nice to look at , it 's very , easy to and makes things very simple . 
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and lows great and personally I think the bass at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , boomy .
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- arrant at expectant 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and low audio great and personally one think the bass is at a perfect degree -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and Low legal great and personally I think the bass is at a utter flush -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and at sound great think personally I and the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- lows 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 the at and lows sound great and personally I think The bass is at a perfect level -LRB- highs 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 highs and lows sound and personally I think the bass is at level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally emphatically I think the follow bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
0	I've read about the issuing with the scroll streak, but they must have taken concern of that now. 
0	I've read about the yield with the scroll bar, but they must have read forethought of that now. 
0	I've read about the issues the scroll bar, but they must have taken of now. 
0	I've read about the issues bar the scroll with, but care must have taken they of that now. 
0	I've read the the issues with about taken bar, but they must have scroll care of that now. 
0	I've read about the issues with the bar, but they have taken of that now. 
0	I've read about immediately the emerge issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
0	I've involve read about the issues with only the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	I upgraded an older 801.11b to the WRT54G its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	i upgraded from an sure-enough 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved certificate, and of course, quicken. 
1	I from an older 801. router to the WRT54G for its improved security, and course, speed. 
1	security upgraded from an to 801.11b router older the Linksys WRT54G for its improved I, and of course, speed. 
1	I upgraded from an one-time 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its better security, and of line, hurry. 
1	I upgraded for an older 801.11b its to the Linksys WRT54G from router improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for run its trend improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, onetime and of course, speed. 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to confused at times doesnt respond it may be operator error ? 
0	phosphorus.s the remote ascendence does seem to puzzle befuddled at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s error remote control does seem to get confused at it and doesnt respond but times may be just operator the ? 
0	p. remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the outside command does seem to take mixed-up at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	control.s confused remote p does seem to get the at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	phosphorus p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator wrongdoing error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times phosphorus and doesnt respond but it may be just only operator error ? 
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	thoroughgoing This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend immingle to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to fulfill both tasks.  
1	This a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This blend a perfect is to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish tasks both.  
1	This is a perfect combine to accomplish both tasks.  
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the photo is stark , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the characterization is double-dyed , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an I hdtv . 
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching pic on an hdtv . 
1	the picture m perfect , although i 'is not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is perfect , i ' not watching on an hdtv . 
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm watching not on an hdtv . 
1	you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
1	you can record play your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
1	you can tape your voice and reverse it into a ringtone.
1	you record your and turn it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your ringtone and turn it into a voice.
1	you can record your voice and turn axerophthol it into a ringtone.
1	you can record voice and it into a ringtone.
1	you can platter your voice and turning it into a ringtone.
1	you can record your voice turn and it into a ringtone.
1	the moveable lcd screen is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen enceinte is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen is keen . 
1	the moveable lcd screen is . 
1	the moveable lcd screen is neat . 
1	lcd moveable the screen is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen LCD is great . 
1	the moveable lcd screen great . 
1	the moveable screen lcd is great . 
1	2. Take around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around 10,000 640x480 show.
1	2. need around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around 10, 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take 10,000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around 10,round 000 640x480 pictures.
1	2. Take around 10,640x480 000 pictures.
1	2. Take around 10,pictures 640x480 000.
1	2. Take around 10,000 show 640x480 pictures.
1	I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
1	use simple also say that setting up the e-mail an was very will and straight-forward, although you do need account external SMTP server to I.
1	I will likewise say that scope up the netmail calculate was very dim-witted and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
1	I will also say that setting up the AN e-mail account was very simple extraneous and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to ane use.
1	necessitate I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do volition need an external SMTP server necessitate to use.
1	I will also say that setting up the e-mail account simple and, although do need external SMTP server to use.
1	use will also account that setting up the e-mail say was very simple need straight-forward, although you do and an external SMTP server to I.
1	I will likewise say that define up the e-mail history was very simple-minded and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to function.
1	I also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and, although do an external SMTP server use.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will equal be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type peerless something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be much delete of text as, matchless would tend to type something instead of the factual letters.
0	There will be much run erasing of text as, one delete would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	actual will be much erasing of text type, one would tend to as something instead of the There letters.
0	There be much erasing of text as, one would tend type something instead of the actual.
0	There tend be much erasing of text as, one would will to type letters instead of the actual something.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would run to eccentric something instead of the genuine letters.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would something instead of the actual letters.
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other than the fact that one delete a file directly the iPod, interface is excellent and mind-numbingly to use.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the early iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple simpleton to use.  
1	Other than the fact to one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface use excellent and mind-numbingly simple that is.  
1	Other than the fact that unmatched can't erase a file instantly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly dewy-eyed to use.  
1	Other than the fact that unitary can't delete a file straight from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly round-eyed to usage.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't a file from the, interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete mind-numbingly file directly from the iPod, to interface is excellent and a simple the use.  
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the utilization iPod, the childlike interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	 The Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are good but corsair the is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are good but the planet corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The Satellites are ripe but the corsair is more responsive and uncontaminating .
1	 The Satellites are good but the reactive corsair is more responsive and clean .
1	 The are good but the corsair is more responsive and .
1	 The are good but the corsair more responsive and clean .
1	 clean Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and The .
1	 The Satellites are good but the corsair is more reactive and white .
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really well.
1	On top being workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really.
1	On top of being exactly a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a precisely plunge router that works really well.
1	On top of being a workhorse and a reliable, it is just well plunge router that works really ultra.
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just very a plunge only router that works really well.
1	On and of being a workhorse top ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that well really works.
1	On acme of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a steep router that mould really well.
1	On lead of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a engross router that employment really well.
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra, it just a plunge router that works really.
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered habituate are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast ace and color , but i 've found ampere this to be single a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've see are : i indoor scene from a distance > 8ft deficiency contrast and semblance , but i 've constitute this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in shoot that i 've used yet on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered : indoor shots from a > lack contrast color , but i 've found this to be a with all cameras with built-in flashes that 've used even a nikon slr . 
0	the drawbacks i 've are : 1 indoor shots from a > lack contrast and color , but i 've this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes 've even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only length drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , entirely but i 've found this to be a totally problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 'camera ve used even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor problem ve a distance > 8ft lack contrast and be , but used 'from found this to color a shots with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've i even on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've find are : single indoor shots from a distance > 8ft miss contrast and distort , but i 've discover this to be a problem with all cameras with inbuilt winkle that i 've used yet on a nikon slr . 
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots contrast a distance > and lack from problem color , but i 'even found this to be a 8ft with all cameras with ve flashes that i 've used built-in on a nikon slr . 
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
1	effective it 's really a shame , player because whatsoever otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
1	s 'it sound a shame , because really , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best otherwise quality of any players on the market . 
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very goodness , and have the beneficial heavy choice of any thespian on the market . 
1	it 's S really a shame , because mart otherwise , creative mp3 players are very differently good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
1	it 'have quality a shame , otherwise because , creative mp3 players are very good , and s the best sound really of any players on the market . 
1	it ' really a , because otherwise , creative mp3 are very good , and have the best sound of any players the market . 
1	it 's rattling a ignominy , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very safe , and have the trump healthy quality of any players on the market . 
1	it 's a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 are good , and have the best sound quality of players on the . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i find the lack ace of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i find the lack of on games entertaining this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i uncovering the lack of entertaining games on this earphone quite disturbing . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining on this phone disturbing . 
0	i find the of games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	discover i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining on games this phone quite disturbing . 
0	i find the lack of entertaining gage on this phone quite worrying . 
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	iodin purpose it in the table (never ingest the springs out - just attach the fine fitting knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it mould great in all circumstances.
1	I use table in the it (never take the springs great - just in the fine adjustment knob), attach my woodrat and freehand and it works out in all circumstances.
1	I manipulation it in the table (never acquire the springs out - just attach the hunky-dory accommodation knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it exercise great in all circumstances.
1	I the it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach use fine knob adjustment), in woodrat my and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	I in the table (never take the out - just the fine adjustment), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	I use it in the table (never take IT the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my impound woodrat and freehand and it works great in all ricochet circumstances.
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), my woodrat and and great all circumstances.
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), form in freehanded my woodrat and freehand and it works great in IT all circumstances.
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	do not bribe this product -- 
0	do not non buy this product -- 
0	do this buy not product -- 
0	buy not do this product -- 
0	do bash not buy this product -- 
0	do not buy this -- 
0	do not buy this intersection -- 
0	do buy this product -- 
0	. images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images ingest indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images simulacrum taken indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images taken indoor were so n't clear . 
0	. images demand indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images indoor were n't so clear . 
0	. images taken indoor were n't project so clear . 
0	. images taken n't were indoor so clear . 
0	. images taken indoor were so clear . 
1	the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the follow nikon come optics . 
1	the aim and construction are fantabulous -- as is the legendary select of the nikon optics . 
1	the excogitation and construction are fantabulous -- as is the legendary timber of the nikon optics . 
1	the design and construction are excellent -- as is legendary of nikon optics . 
1	the design construction are excellent -- as is the quality of the optics . 
1	the design and the are excellent -- as is construction optics quality of the nikon legendary . 
1	the design are of and excellent -- as is the legendary quality construction the nikon optics . 
1	the design and construction are calibre excellent -- as is the legendary twist quality of the nikon optics . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can align the loudness to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't ready that self-aggrandizing of a disturbance . 
1	brand you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big IT of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the mass to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't puddle that bighearted of a perturbation . 
1	you adjust the volume to be or so that it does make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you big adjust the volume to can heard anywhere or so that it of n't make that be does a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the volume to correct be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big intensity of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust does volume to n't heard anywhere or so that it the be make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the volume be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make of a . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific . 
1	having access to so work much music where ever you go is terrific . 
1	having to so much music where you go is terrific . 
1	having admission to so much music where ever you endure is terrific . 
1	access to so much music where ever you go is . 
1	having access to so much music ever where you go is terrific . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you expire is wondrous . 
1	having access to so much music where pass ever you go is terrific . 
1	having access go so much music where ever you to is terrific . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this merchandise . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this unity product . 
1	this have had no problem what-so-ever with i product . 
1	i take have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this . 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this intersection . 
1	i had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	i have had this problem what-so-ever with no product . 
0	My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
0	My sometime Siemens s56, on the other manus, ferment beautifully with all of the above.
0	Old My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with former all of the above.
0	other old Siemens all, on the My hand, worked beautifully with s56 of the above.
0	previous My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully former with all of the above.
0	My older S s56, on the other reach, worked beautifully with all of the above.
0	My old Siemens, on the hand, worked with all of the above.
0	My old of s56, on the other hand, beautifully worked with all Siemens the above.
0	My old Siemens s56, on the hand, worked beautifully with all of.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When pictures of, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY skin in the subject's flaw.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it evidence EVERY flaw in the subject's shin.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in every the subject's skin.
0	When of pictures taking people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When bring video of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking of, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	When taking pictures of In people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality embody is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass caliber is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , quality bass is beyond good .
1	 Sound great is quality , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality represent is beyond good .
1	 voice quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	 Sound quality is , bass quality is beyond good .
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use single for under $ 1500 - shudder i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	did n't think would find this quality and ease of use under $ 1500 - 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't imagine i would discovery this prime and ease of utilization for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	n't think i find this quality and ease of use under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did i think n't would ease this quality and find of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't prize think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my single purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i would notice this prize and alleviate of exercise for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	i did n't think i find would this quality and ease of for use under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes turn so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and musician none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming work " " dvd players and none . 
0	run we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming trio to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal none work far-all claiming to so " apex " dvd players and remotes worked . 
0	we 've purchased iii cosmopolitan remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none exercise . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to " apex " and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased leash universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd thespian and none crop . 
0	we 've worked 3 universal remotes so apex claiming to work " far-all " dvd players and none purchased . 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
0	bar scrol The agian takes some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some used to. 
0	to scrol bar agian takes some getting used The. 
0	The scrol bar agian lease some getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting used about to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some apply getting used to. 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting habituate to. 
0	The bar agian takes some getting used to. 
0	had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
0	had there make been strange noises , or obvious mesh defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i clear for one do not substandard intend on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been strange stochasticity , or obvious defects , i would have admit a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior run organization and i for peerless do not designate on look for patches . 
0	had there been strange interference , or obvious defects , i would have accept a substitution , but this is clear from a bad and inferior operating scheme and i for one do not signify on waiting for patches . 
0	this replacement been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would a there a accepted , but had is clearly from have defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been strange noises , or a defects , i but have accepted obvious replacement , would this is intend from a defective and inferior operating system for i and one do not clearly on waiting for patches . 
0	had there been alternate strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for dress one faulty do not intend on waiting signify for patches . 
0	had there been strange , or obvious defects , i would have a replacement , this is clearly from a and operating system and i one do not intend on waiting patches . 
0	had there been , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but clearly from a defective and inferior operating and i for one do not intend waiting for . 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors over some of smaler better): longer fringing, video in high-light area, noise do ISO100, processing, (few)red-eyes artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, lasting while video-playback, better details comression (this viedo-files), more indicator controls, purple whizing battery, manual for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be better index to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise recollective over ISO100, red-eyes, (indicant few)processing artefacts, (especially few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more specially manual controls, upright longer lasting battery, go indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be of to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of artefacts better): purple fringing, details high-light of lasting, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing this, (few)loss in some details especially better the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic battery, indicator while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer area battery, whizing for autofocus, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be effective to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this sound): regal fringing, item in high-light area, racket over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the haircloth of peoples in low-pitched alight, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, wagerer television comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual hold, longer lasting battery, indicator for shelling, right protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	be be a perfect camera ( some competitors do some of this better): fringing, details in high-light, noise ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video ( viedo-files), manual controls, longer battery, indicator for, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some angstrom competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples roughly in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer work lasting people battery, indicator for battery, better protection weightiness of the machinelike LCD, citizenry less weight. 
1	Could be better be a perfect camera (and competitors do some of this): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over,, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some especially of hairs in light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting, for battery, better protection of the, less weight. 
1	Could be ameliorate to be a perfect camera (and some contender do some of this proficient): purplish fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)process artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low-spirited abstemious, automatonlike autofocus, whizing while video-playback, dear video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual operate, tenacious lasting battery, indicator for battery, secure tribute of the LCD, less weight. 
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	to I went When put purple the new SD Card I looked at the LCD and -- CRACKED-- Screen the fluid gave screen Jackson Pollock type appearance to the a, black and blue and in blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I commit went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and appearing the fresh fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and notice purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the gave a Pollock type appearance the, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --. 
0	I went to put in new SD I looked at the LCD -- and fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I fail to put in the New SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearing to the blind, black-market and profane and majestic blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When I went to put in the fresh SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluent contribute a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the sort, smuggled and dingy and purple blotches and blotch --useless. 
0	When CRACKED-- went to put appearance the new SD Card black looked at the LCD Screen -- I and the type gave a Jackson Pollock fluid in to the screen, I and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	When riddle I went to blind put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid purplish gave a Jackson splodge Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
0	if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you deficiency to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become bilk quite apace . 
0	if you want a cd title that you have transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a cd rubric that you have already shift , you will become defeated quite quickly . 
0	if you want rename a cd title that you already , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you title to rename a cd want that you have transferred already , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you go want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become leave frustrated quite quickly . 
0	if you want to rename a cd title frustrated you have will transferred , you already become that quite quickly . 
0	if axerophthol you transfer want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this America is a perfect phone USA for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than is , this that a phone perfect for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect us for those of phone with patience no for flips . 
1	other than that , this is US a perfect phone for those of us USA with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect telephone for those of uracil with no patience for pitch . 
1	other than that , this is a complete earphone for those of us with no patience for pitch . 
1	other than that , this is a phone for those of us with no for . 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out ! 
1	, this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out dandy ! 
1	dvd , this apex well player turned out great ! 
1	well , dvd apex this player turned out great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out DVD great ! 
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out neat ! 
1	well , verboten this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [it] and poor instruction guide killed non-intuitive. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [] and instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad poor [non-intuitive] and issues instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad return [non-intuitive] and poor instruction take killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, IT the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the channelize touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad emergence [non-intuitive] and hapless instruction guide killed it. 
0	the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
0	the panel seems like other will come off very easily as have people it said . 
0	the panel arsenic seems like it will come off very easily as other ilk people have said . 
0	the panel seems corresponding it will follow off very easily as other citizenry have said . 
0	panel seems like it will come off very easily other have said . 
0	the panel seems similar it will follow off very easily as other people have pronounce . 
0	the panel seems like come off very easily other people have said . 
0	the panel seems like a it will come off very easily as other enounce people have said . 
0	the panel said like it will come off other easily as very people have seems . 
0	 Initially the sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was low and sounded `` remove off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was small and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the off was low and sounded `` sound '' .
0	 Initially the sound was humbled and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was low initially and sounded `` off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was low and sounded off '' .
0	 Initially the sound was low sounded and `` off '' .
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really keen steal, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great buy, for as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great, for yourself or as shower gift.
1	This is a really great yourself, for buy or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great buy, be for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This really a is great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower purchase gift.
1	This is a really bang-up bribe, for yourself or as a shower gift.
0	The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
0	little touch pad does take a The getting used to. 
0	The touch pad does a little getting used. 
0	The touch pad does shoot a slight getting used to. 
0	The touch lard does take a picayune getting used to. 
0	The touch pad does take a used getting little to. 
0	The touch pad does take a axerophthol little getting used to. 
0	The touch pad does take adenine a little getting used to. 
0	The touch pad take little getting used to. 
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on sealed the others on the sealed dvd . 
0	on play dvds so far it on to 2 certain episodes with no problems refuses the others on the dvd . 
0	on 2 dvds so far it scraps to swordplay sealed episodes with no job on the others on the dvd . 
0	on deuce dvds so FAR it refuses to play sealed instalment with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	2 so far refuses to play episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	dvds dvd on so far it 2 to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the refuses . 
0	on dvds so far it to play certain episodes with no on the others the dvd . 
0	on 2 dvds so far episode it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems DVD on the others on the dvd . 
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect veritable MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded register, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music unlimited.  
0	lodge Again, this doesn't affect charge regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just file subscription impress DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, or doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription Napster-to-Go files, like those from DRM-encoded this Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this from affect regular doesn't files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those MP3 Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect steady MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, ilk those from Napster-to-Go or hick Music Unlimited.  
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription files, those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Unlimited.  
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are stark . 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are live perfect . 
1	the zoom optical highest pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures perfect . 
1	the highest optical zoom fancy are perfect . 
1	the pictures optical zoom highest are perfect . 
1	the highest zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	the highest surge optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , depend you can end your search with destruction the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're summary looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can topnotch end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , digital camera , you can end your search the nikon ! 
1	compact you 're looking for a small , if , super you digital camera , resolution can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're for a , , super digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're looking the search small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your a with for nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're front for a belittled , compact , super resolving digital camera , you can goal your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	if you 're front for a belittled , compact , tiptop answer digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they aforementioned they don't know why but single should flummox Tech's underpin at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on restrain for 55 arcminute untill iodin advert up!
0	Im at them capacity!!!! they called Symantic and I said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support untill $35/hr to help!! I did call full and was on hold for minutes 55 at I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called merely Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr lv to help!! I did bang call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I suppose hung up!
0	Im promise at full capacity!!!! I called At Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to astir help!! I did xxxv call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic said why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/ to help!! I did call them and was on hold for untill I hung up!
0	Im at full!!!! I called Symantic and they said they know but should get Support at $/hr to help!! I them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't at hold but I Support get Tech's should know $35/hr to help!! up did call them and was on why for 55 minutes untill I hung I!
0	Im at wax capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they allege they don't know why but one should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to assist!! ane did ring them and was on entertain for 55 minutes untill unity hung up!
0	- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much inferior to the I simple ipod ones . 
0	- the ipod are much inferior to the simple controls ones . 
0	- the controls are lots inferior to the simple ipod 1 . 
0	- the controls are much inferior to the simpleton ipod single . 
0	- the controls the much inferior to are simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much inferior to subscript the simple ipod ones . 
0	- the controls are much inferior to the ones . 
0	- the controls are much to simple ipod ones . 
1	They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also sound excellent compared to other including sets like Panasonics Sennheisers. 
1	They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics fantabulous and former Sennheisers. 
1	They also fathom first-class compared to other earbuds including retail pose like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	They also sound excellent compared to earbuds including retail sets like and. 
1	They also sound excellent compare compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics and liken Sennheisers. 
1	They also Panasonics excellent compared to earbuds other including retail sets like sound and Sennheisers. 
1	They also level-headed first-class compared to other earbuds including retail fix like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	retail also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including They sets Panasonics like and Sennheisers. 
1	But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But this serve shape even if you turn off the LCD consider -- great  battery saver.
1	But rescuer this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- evening great  battery saver.
1	But this DOES work even if you turn off but the LCD simply viewing -- great  battery saver.
1	But work battery this even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  DOES saver.
1	this work even if you turn off the LCD -- great  battery saver.
1	But this practice work even if you round off the LCD viewing -- smashing  battery saver.
1	But this DOES work even turn off the LCD viewing --  battery saver.
1	if this DOES work even viewing you turn off the LCD But -- great  battery saver.
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a overnice dense look to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a dainty obtuse feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a IT nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's built solidly very , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , has a nice dense to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a nice IT dense feel to it . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has to nice dense feel a it . 
1	it ' very built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
0	i did have to put was little work into on some n't file names to get all my music problem my zen xtra but it a duplicate a big renaming . 
0	i did have to put a little stimulate work into register renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't IT a big problem . 
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to all my music zen but it was n't problem . 
0	i did have to lay a little lick into renaming some parallel file list to nonplus all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a gravid problem . 
0	i music have a put to little work into renaming some duplicate file names but get all my did on my zen xtra to it was n't a big problem . 
0	i about did have ampere to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen amp xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
0	i did have to put a little function into renaming some double file names to perplex all my euphony on my superman xtra but it was n't a expectant problem . 
0	did to put a into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my xtra but it n't a big problem . 
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I beget about 700 loaded up before it assure me iodin was full, and at that degree, I was ready to toss it out the windowpane.   
0	I vex about 700 blotto up before it secern me I was broad, and at that manoeuvre, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I got about 700 loaded good up before it told me I was improving full, and at that point, I was ready to iodine toss it out the window.   
0	I about 700 loaded up before it told me was full, at that, I was ready to toss it out window.   
0	I got about 700 loaded up before point told me window was it, and at that full, I was ready to toss it out the I.   
0	I got to 700 I up before full told me I was it, and at that point, loaded was ready about toss it out the window.   
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told I was full, and at point, I ready to toss out the.   
0	I got IT about single 700 loaded IT up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( a option camera attachment ) , with calendar / organizer , fm clock with snooze , alarm radio ( way cool , high-speed if gprs is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and it even internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / eventide organizer , coating alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs Fm high-speed internet covering connection . 
1	the phone coffee also affixation sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with besides snooze , fm radio ( way cool , fermium even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it just through ) , , and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the also sports an image gallery ( option attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock snooze , fm radio ( cool , even it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the earpiece besides summercater an image verandah ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with drowse , fm radio ( way poise , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , biz , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	high-speed phone also sports even image gallery ( with attachment camera games ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , an if it is just through an ear-peice ) , option , java applications and gprs the internet connection . 
1	the sound also sports an image gallery ( with selection camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alert clock with snooze , fm radiocommunication ( means cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java diligence and gprs high-speed internet joining . 
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've pailful seen without taking up more floor space.
1	And the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor.
1	And it's the largest space pail I've seen without taking up more floor diaper.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've More seen without taking up more floor space.
1	it's the diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without drive up more coldcock space.
1	And it's the big diaper pail I've seen without carry up more floor space.
1	And it's the largest seen pail I've diaper without taking up more floor space.
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we client never got begin in touch with them.the customer support telephone amaze number is always busy , and they do not answer reveal their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered to customer , we tried the contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we got never in touch they them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and with do not answer their web problems support . 
0	after we unwrap the problems , we essay to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never have in meet with them.the customer patronise phone numeral is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , got we never they in touch with customer.the customer support telephone and is always busy , number but do not answer their web them support . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we client tried client to entanglement contact apex ( incessantly fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	discovered the , we tried contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , they do not answer their web customer . 
0	after we discovered the problems , we judge to contact apex ( fkor triad months ) , but we never start in touching with them.the customer backup telephone number is constantly busy , and they do not answer their vane customer support . 
0	after we discovered , we tried to contact apex ( 3 ) , but we never got touch with them. customer telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set up finalize pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking setup up and rebooting your system at which time taken 're you to the D-Link website to was how your everything will be .
1	 The arrange up was somewhat simple-minded , basically a matter of soak everything up and rebooting your organisation at which time you 're study to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The bent up was middling mere , basically a weigh of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're interpreted to the D-Link website to settle how your setup will be .
1	 The set how was pretty re , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which to you 'simple taken to the D-Link website time finalize up your setup will be .
1	 The set up was pretty , basically a matter of hooking up and rebooting your system at 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup be .
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a of hooking everything up rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the website to how setup will .
1	 The set up was At pretty simple , basically decide a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 'settle re taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of ray hooking everything up and dictated rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how ray your setup will be .
1	One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	One primary find laptop work a cell phone connection so that I could use it as an internet was for my for running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to reason, and don't getting very well.
1	One primary for getting a cell phone was so I use as an internet connection for my laptop running, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, don't very well.
1	One primary reason for fountainhead getting a cell phone was head so that I could use it as an joining internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very really well.
1	One primary for getting cell phone was so that I use it as internet connection for my laptop linux, where softmodem are hard to find, don't work very well.
1	One primary reason for produce a cell phone was so that iodin could exercise it as an internet connectedness for my laptop scat linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to incur, and don't work very considerably.
1	One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use unitary it as an internet connection for my ace laptop running linux, really where substantially softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	One principal reason for arrest a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connector for my laptop play linux, where softmodem drivers are toilsome to rule, and don't work very comfortably.
1	One primary reason for find a cell phone was so I that could where it as an internet connection for my laptop running very, use softmodem drivers are hard to getting, and don't work linux well.
1	i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my likewise Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the phone as my Apple via bluetooth to my modem powerbook!
1	i also use the phone as my modem bluetooth via to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also habit the sound as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also I use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also habituate the earphone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth Apple powerbook!
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 seven The windows 7 premium is good -Windows LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium good -LRB- n't recommend starter - and user friendly .
1	 window The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- seven and user friendly .
1	 The friendly 7 premium recommend good -LRB- do n't is starter -RRB- and user windows .
1	 is windows 7 premium The recommend -LRB- do n't good starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 agiotage is secure -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user well-disposed .
1	 The 7 premium is - do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is skilful -LRB- do n't urge fledgling -RRB- and user friendly .
0	the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player itself has all classify of problems . 
0	the itself player has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player has all sorts of problems . 
0	the player itself has all sorts of job . 
0	player itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	all player itself has the sorts of problems . 
0	the player whole itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	have the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
1	I highly recommend this phone.
1	I highly recommend this.
1	unity highly recommend this phone.
1	I highly recommend ace this phone.
1	advocate I highly recommend this phone.
1	I highly this phone.
1	I recommend highly this phone.
1	1 highly recommend this phone.
1	highly I recommend this phone.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 instal without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 issue.
1	I installed, activated and issue NIS 2004 without registered.
1	ane installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered single NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without cut.
1	I without, activated and registered NIS 2004 installed issue.
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 The screen tone is very high & the side view is very sharp & authorize .
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view sharp very is & clear .
1	 The screen eyeshot quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view is very gamey sharp & clear .
1	 The screen quality is very high & very side view is the sharp & clear .
1	 The screen quality very high & the side view is sharp & clear .
1	 The filmdom quality is very high & the side view is very acute & clear .
1	 The screen quality is very & the side view is very & clear .
1	have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have used it and frequently have had no problems . 
1	have used it frequently and had no problems . 
1	oftentimes have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	have used it frequently and have had possess no problems . 
1	have used it frequently and have had problems . 
1	have used it oft and have had no problems . 
1	have frequently it used and have had no problems . 
1	have apply it frequently and have had no problems . 
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone, too much time is required to get to, and close.
0	matter how accustomed to phone become, too much time is to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how wonted to the earpiece you become, too much time is required to get to, open and stuffy diligence.
0	No subject how accustomed to the earphone you become, too much time is required to fetch to, undetermined and close applications.
0	No lotion matter how accustomed to the phone fetch you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too besides much covering time is required to get to, open and close applications.
0	No matter how accustomed the to phone you become, too much time is open to get to, required and close applications.
0	is matter how accustomed to the phone time become, too much you No required to get to, open and close applications.
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's security to install the easy on this product but Linksys its do a good job of explaining why doesn't important.  
1	It's easy security install the on to this product a Linksys doesn't do but good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's prosperous to install the security on this intersection but Linksys doesn't do a goodness problem of explaining why its important.  
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do practice a good job practise of explaining why its important.  
1	It's easy to the security on this product Linksys do a good job explaining why its important.  
1	It's comfortable to establish the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a expert subcontract of explaining why its important.  
1	It's easy install security on this product doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.  
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of IT explaining why authoritative its important.  
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
1	4) One nice thing approximately about Nokias is that they have a ton of reverberate ring tone and game choices.
1	4) One gracious thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring look and gritty choices.
1	4) One nice thing that Nokias is about they have a ton of choices tone and game ring.
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias that they have a ton ring tone and game.
1	4) One nice about Nokias is that they have ton of ring tone and choices.
1	quaternity) one nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of peal tone and game choices.
1	4) One nice ton that Nokias is about they have a thing of ring tone and game choices.
1	4) One IV nice thing about Nokias is that they have affair a ton of ring tone and game choices.
0	I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only person that dislikes solitary the iTunes software. 
0	I'm believably the only soul that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only dislikes that person the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only person dislikes iTunes software. 
0	probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes. 
0	the probably I'm only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the package only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
0	I'm probably the only someone that disfavour the iTunes software. 
1	Its also smaller, and gets more looks. 
1	Its also, and gets more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and More gets more looks. 
1	Its also gets, and smaller more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and sustain more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and too gets more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, and go more looks. 
1	Its also smaller, gets more looks. 
1	Its also looks, and gets more smaller. 
1	I love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I honey my night blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	love my dark blue zen and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my moody blue zen micro and would definitely advocate it.  
1	I love my and blue zen micro dark would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend unquestionably it.  
1	I love my dark blue advocate zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	love my blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	I love my dark blue zen and micro would definitely recommend it.  
1	i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a selfsame basic knowledge of angstrom a computer . 
1	i have that interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i that the interface on the nomad very easy to use if you have a basic of a computer . 
1	i to found that the interface on the of is very easy have use if you have a basic knowledge nomad a computer . 
1	i have found that basic interface on the nomad is very easy to use you if have a the knowledge of a computer . 
1	cognition i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have unity a basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	i have recover that the port on the nomad is very well-situated to use if you have a basic knowledge of a figurer . 
1	i have recover that the interface on the nomad is very easily to utilization if you have a staple knowledge of a computer . 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer help .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer avail .
0	 client Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the service .
0	 Would again buy n't because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of steal the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again customer of the because service .
1	start up is so quick  
1	is up start so quick  
1	start up is upwardly so quick  
1	start is so quick  
1	quick up is so start  
1	up is so quick  
1	straightaway start up is so quick  
1	outset up is so quick  
1	start up is so ready  
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
0	but after days , the worked , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , the but video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the worked , but the video quit . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , turn but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the working worked , but the video quit sound . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound running worked , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 daylight , the sound mold , but the video quit working . 
0	but after 10 days , the reasoned worked , but the video quit ferment . 
1	i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i manner particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly care the way it aids me in taking my macro slam . 
1	i particularly like the it me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly like the it aids me in taking my macro . 
1	i peculiarly like the way it aids me in pack my macro shots . 
1	i particularly path like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	i particularly shots the way it aids me in taking my macro like . 
1	i particularly like it way the aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after reckon my needs further and researching the marketplace, I resolve on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on pauperization the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and the marketplace, decided on the s100.
1	after considering needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on s100.
1	after considering my needs further single and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my the further and researching the marketplace, I decided on needs s100.
1	after the my needs further and researching considering marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my penury further and researching the marketplace, iodine decided on the s100.
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	there is an open-source firmware on the net which has loads of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has stacks of superfluous features.  
1	There is an extra firmware on the net which has tons of open-source features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons features extra of.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of.  
1	along There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on net which has tons of features.  
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which characteristic has tons of extra features.  
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and quickly. (As above, the a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded, you can the tracks artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As is above, the initial charge mentioned a minimum covers only two hours - album too long at all!) Once you've downloaded composer music, songs can access the tracks by artist, genre, not, your (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. of etc you), of.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges course quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded yearn your music, you can access the tracks by artist, likewise genre, album, composer (this comes in handy survive when the remark actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. advert covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hour, and level chop-chop. (adenine cite above, the initial consign is a minimal of only two hours - not too foresightful at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the cartroad by artist, genre, album, composer (this do in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.chiliad. cross of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes hours, and quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge minimum of only two hours - too long at all!) you've downloaded your music, you access tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy the actual composer is from the artist -.. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery life lastes can hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge actual a minimum of only two hours - not etc long at all!) Once you've downloaded your handy, you 12 access the in songs artist, genre, album, composer (this comes tracks music when the is composer is different from the artist - e.g. covers of by), too.
1	 The battery report life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (insure As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can entree access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in factual handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - xii e.wholly g. covers of songs), etc.
1	 The battery lifetime live dozen hours, and institutionalise quickly. (adenine mentioned above, the initial tutelage is a minimum of only two hours - not too retentive at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the cartroad by artist, genre, album, composer (this seed in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.M. treat of Song), etc.
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile fictile look , but it really single works .
0	 Although I worry was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , follow but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about it plastic material but the fragile look , and the really works .
0	 Although I was occupy about the plastic material and the fragile face , but it actually works .
0	 Although I concerned about the material and the fragile , but it really works .
0	 Although I concerned the plastic material and the fragile , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned works the plastic material and the fragile but , look it really about .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic corporeal and the fragile spirit , but it really turn .
1	the battery is nice . 
1	the constitute battery is nice . 
1	the barrage is nice . 
1	the battery is decent . 
1	battery is nice . 
1	the is nice . 
1	the battery bombardment is nice . 
1	nice battery is the . 
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 supports only files.
0	T610 reenforcement only midi files.
0	T610 midi only supports files.
0	T610 supports alone only midi files.
0	T610 supports midi files.
0	T610 supports file only midi files.
0	T610 suffer only midi files.
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also that love you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also love you can flip the with one hand...
1	I that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one bonk hand...
1	I also love that you can flip hand device with one the...
1	single also love that you can flip the device with nonpareil hand...
1	I also love that you can flip the device with honey one hand...
1	I also love that you can riff the device with single hand...
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
0	halo tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one resound that sounds close to a unconstipated hoop . 
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close echo to a regular habitue ring . 
0	tones only come crazy songs and annoying rings , there is one ring that sounds close to a ring . 
0	ring tones only come with a songs annoying and rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to crazy regular ring . 
0	ring tones only come to crazy songs and annoying with , only is there one ring that sounds close rings a regular ring . 
0	ring ringing tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that thither sounds close to a regular ring . 
0	tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there only one ring that sounds close a ring . 
0	tintinnabulation tones only come with crazy songs and devil rings , there is only one ring that sounds close-fitting to a habitue ring . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software support suite not work with some versions of as tried to connect phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software documentation nokia suite does not study with some adaptation of xp as i prove to relate my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding software support suite does work with some versions xp as i tried connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software defend nokia rooms does not exploit with some versions of xp as i adjudicate to join my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc non software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to AS connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding port software support nokia suite does not work with i versions of xp as some tried to connect my on via infrared pc phone my laptop . 
0	regarding earphone pc software adjudicate support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp colligate as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia xp does not work versions some phone of suite as i tried to connect my with via infrared port on my laptop . 
1	the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are moderately superfluous but not truly a negative . 
1	settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are middling purposeless but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are damaging somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are superfluous but really a negative . 
1	the eax settings are somewhat superfluous a not really but negative . 
1	non the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	t simply the best player on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply the best player on the market a really low, so why look anywhere?      
1	t simply the good player on the market for a really low toll, so why depend anywhere else?      
1	t simply the best player grocery on the market for a really depression low price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t anywhere the best player on the market for really a low price, so why look simply else?      
1	t plainly the best player on the commercialise for a really low price, so why attend anywhere else?      
1	t simply on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
1	t simply the best player on the market for a depend really low price, so why look anywhere MT else?      
1	t simply so best player on really market for a the low price, the why look anywhere else?      
1	it is a very amazing product . 
1	it is a very amazing . 
1	is it a very amazing product . 
1	it is a very amazing IT product . 
1	it is amazing very a product . 
1	it is a very flummox product . 
1	it is a very amaze product . 
1	it is a exist very amazing product . 
1	it is very amazing product . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can keep it the case still . 
1	but it descend with a tank of a case and if you cut a small-arm out where the test is you can constantly donjon it in the face and still access everything . 
1	but it comes IT with a tank of a case and if you cut a inward piece out where the screen is you can A always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut everything piece where out the screen case you can always keep it in the is and still access a . 
1	but it comes with a tank cooler of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always fall keep it in the axerophthol case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you ignore a part out where the screen is you can always sustain it in the font and placid admission everything . 
1	but it comes a tank of case and if you a piece where the screen is you can always keep it the case and access everything . 
1	but it comes a the tank of a case and if you cut with piece out where a access is you can always keep it in the case and still screen everything . 
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 Wire very through the body of the stand - giving it a runs clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of the done stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 clean runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very Wire look .
1	 Wire unravel through the body of the stand - giving it a very strip look .
1	 Wire trunk runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of stand - it a very clean look .
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - give it a very clean depend .
1	 Wire runs through body of the stand - giving it a very look .
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and be had to returned .
0	 The first set I received had a personify loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be fare returned .
0	 The first correct I receive had a tacky audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers had be returned .
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone forte coming from the adenine speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set i experience had a trashy audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
0	 The first set had a loud audible tone coming from the and had to be returned .
0	 The first set I received had a coming audible tone loud the from speakers and had to be returned .
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	loud - speakerphone has clear and some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - trashy and authorise has some nice extra features care currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	- loud clear has some nice extra features currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	gaudy speakerphone - loud and overnice clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has prissy some nice extra solve features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - aloud and solve has some nice extra lineament like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - loud and some nice extra features like converter and a stopwatch . 
1	speakerphone - like and clear has some nice extra a loud currency converter and features stopwatch . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i problem out the worked worth the software this mp3 player is with the money it cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this personify mp3 player I is worth the money it cost . 
1	cost once i worked out the problem with mp3 software this the player is worth the money it so . 
1	so i worked out the problem with the this mp3 player is the money it cost . 
1	so once i worked out the with the this mp3 player is worth the money cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with then the software this mp3 forbidden player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i knead out the problem with the package this mp3 actor is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i make out the problem with the package this mp3 player is worth the money it toll . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the inwards worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the worst side-mounted on this phone is the issue volume control . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this uncollectible phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	issue my opinion the worst in on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the uncollectible issue on this sound is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the worst issue this phone the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion worst on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
0	in my opinion the whip outcome on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
1	What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
1	What of it so great and the versatility is the number makes features it has.
1	What it so great is versatility the number of features it has.
1	What pee makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features IT it has.
1	What shuffling it so cracking is the versatility and the number of lineament it has.
1	What establish it so neat is the versatility and the come of features it has.
1	What makes number so great is the versatility and it it of features the has.
1	What makes it so great is the versatility and the groovy number of features exist it has.
1	What makes it so great is the and the number features has.
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It IT fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking spell around with it.  
1	comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around.  
1	It burst comfortably in my shirt sack and while very well-designed, doesn't feeling to pretentious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It my comfortably in fits shirt pocket and while very around, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking well-designed with it.  
1	IT It fits comfortably in my walk shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It convulsion comfortably in my shirt sack and while very well-designed, doesn't reckon to pretentious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It pocket comfortably in and shirt fits my while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
1	It fits comfortably my shirt pocket and while very, look to ostentatious while I'm around with it.  
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of straining in the men of at&t customer service i am ravish to pearl them , and spirit forwards to august 2004 when i will convert our other iii family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several of in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert other 3 from&t t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture am the hands forward at&t customer service i in delighted 2004 drop them , and t of to august to when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&look to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture calculate in tetraiodothyronine the hands of at&t bet customer service i am delighted to drop them , count and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	exchange after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted help to drop them , At and iodine look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several i of torture in the when of at&t customer and years am delighted to drop them , service look forward to august 2004 hands i will convert our other t family-phones from at&3 to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture in the hands at&t customer service i am delighted to drop , and look forward to august when i convert our other 3&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture in the pass of at&t customer service i am enjoy to overleap them , and flavour forrad to August 2004 when i will convert our other ternary family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
1	you could take a picture of still stone glinting in contours sun and a avoid the shining glaze and get the the right . 
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and adenine still avoid the shining glaze ripe and get the contours right . 
1	you could read a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still nullify the shining glaze and make the contour right . 
1	you could take a picture of a A stone glinting in the angstrom sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
1	you could submit a picture of a rock glinting in the sun and even avoid the shining glaze and capture the contours right . 
1	and could the a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze you get take contours right . 
1	you take a picture a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get contours . 
1	you take a picture of a stone glinting the sun and still avoid the glaze get the contours right . 
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded abut now, fits so much bettor in a pocket, denim or suit. 
1	I lawsuit love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a dungaree pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	iodine jazz the rounded edges now, jibe so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded suit now, fits so much jeans in a pocket, better or edges. 
1	I the rounded edges now, fits much better in a pocket, jeans or. 
1	I love the rounded a now, fits so much better in pocket edges, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better often in unspoilt a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so better in pocket, or suit. 
1	it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is IT great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , even with supplied the earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , eventide with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it outstanding is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sound , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it is great sounding , even earbuds the supplied with . 
1	it is great sounding , even with supplied earbuds . 
1	The interface is simple to use.
1	interface is simple to use.
1	The is interface simple to use.
1	The interface is simple to exercise use.
1	The interface is wide-eyed to use.
1	The interface is simple to purpose.
1	The employ interface is simple to use.
1	The interface simple is to use.
1	The is simple to use.
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons and frequently i end up pressing enter when meant to . 
0	you have to press the button laborious and frequently i end up pressing insert when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons urge hard and frequently i end up pressing sustain enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the end hard and frequently i when up pressing enter buttons i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the hard and i end up pressing enter when meant to scroll . 
0	end have to press the up hard and frequently i you buttons pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
0	you have inscribe to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when weigh i meant to scroll . 
0	you have to press the buttons intemperate and ofttimes i end up pressing introduce when i meant to scroll . 
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
1	iodin lately had to run a threesome/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a mysterious dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slowly down.
1	recently a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine even slow down.
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep get dado and was amp amazed that this behind machine didn't even slow down.
1	I recently had to hard a straight/4" 3 bit through run make to maple a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
1	I recently a 3/4" bit hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
1	iodine recently had to range a 3/4" straightaway burn through hard maple to stimulate a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a amazed dado and was deep that even this didn't machine slow down.
1	I recently had unbowed to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was wainscot amazed that this machine directly didn't even slow down.
1	The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	The picture of this camera is (taking its' size and into consideration).
1	The picture thoughtfulness quality prize of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	The picture of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size into consideration).
1	The terms picture quality of footing this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	The picture quality of price camera is outstanding (this its' size and taking into consideration).
1	The figure quality of this camera is outstanding (train its' size and price into thoughtfulness).
1	The see timbre of this camera is outstanding (deal its' size and price into consideration).
1	The outstanding quality of this camera is picture (and its' size taking price into consideration).
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm decide glad canon resolve decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
1	i 'm glad decided to the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep it 4mp and resolution improved upon the with new technology ; 
1	raw i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new IT technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to donjon the 4mp answer and improved upon it with novel technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to support the 4mp resolution and meliorate upon it with fresh technology ; 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the resolution and it with new technology ; 
1	it 'm glad canon decided to keep the and resolution 4mp improved upon i with new technology ; 
1	First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	, it is; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	, it is tiny; the size of a pack of, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	First, it really is tiny; the rattling size of a pack of cigarettes, deep maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	kickoff, it really is tiny; the size of a multitude of cigaret, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	First, it really is flyspeck; the size of a pack of cigaret, maybe  a scooch thick.
1	pack, it really is tiny; cigarettes size of a First of the, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	First, it angstrom really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, angstrom maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	the, it really is tiny; First size of a scooch of cigarettes, maybe  a pack deeper.
0	after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	after i had it a weeks , it got into a state where never find the device , no often i rebooted my pc , the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's support was no help at . 
0	after i had it a yoke weeks , it mystify into a tell where it could never notice the device , no weigh how often i rebooted my pc , reset the twist , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online sustenance was no assist at all . 
0	after encounter i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter twist how bear often i affair rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	PC after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never south find the device , IT no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's exist online support was no help at all . 
0	after i where it no couple weeks , it got at a state had it could never find the device , a matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 'online s support was no help into all . 
0	after i had it a pair workweek , it cause into a commonwealth where it could ne'er chance the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online bear was no assistance at all . 
0	after i it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , device , reloaded drivers , , etc. creative ' online was no help . 
0	after i had it a s weeks , it the into a state where it could never find the etc , no matter how often i rebooted my online , reset got couple , reloaded drivers , device , etc. creative 'device pc support was no help at all . 
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid more amazon is currently selling this router -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt - and to get a good product ... these disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid more than gulf what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression ware due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a waste good quality product ... these random disconnects kills virago it for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- Price depression referable to short calibre no doubt -RRB- and look to mother a adept quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon currently selling this router -LRB- price depression to poor quality doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good ... these random disconnects kills for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is presently selling this router at -LRB- damage depression due to piteous timber no doubt -RRB- and ask to induce a good select product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently tone selling this axerophthol router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- defeat and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it step for me .
0	 Paid more than what LRB- is currently selling this router at -amazon poor depression due to price quality no doubt -disconnects for expected to get a good quality product ... these random RRB- kills it and me .
0	 Paid more kills what amazon is currently selling this router random -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to than a good quality product ... disconnects at these get it for me .
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unluckily , the participant would not read any of my region one dvds. fifty-fifty though they were not damaged in any fashion . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even non though they were unmatched not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player not read of my region one dvds. even they were not damaged in any . 
0	, player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were damaged in any . 
0	unfortunately , dvds player would not of any read my region one the. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though whatever they were translate not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even any they were damaged not in though way . 
0	regrettably , the player would not read any of my neighborhood ane dvds. even though they were not damaged in any room . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	one also likewise exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely boring quicken when going to the menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely when going to the menu . 
0	one exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to exceedingly the menu . 
0	one also expose extremely slow speed when plump to the menu . 
0	the also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to one menu . 
0	one also exhibited extremely slow the when going to speed menu . 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You work fabulous products. 
1	Apple you Thank!  You make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous. 
1	Thank You Apple!  you make fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make cause fabulous products. 
1	Thank you Apple!  You nominate fabulous products. 
1	take Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous products. 
1	 This product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product the definitely worth is purchase .
1	 This product is definitely worth emphatically the purchase .
1	 This merchandise is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product is the worth definitely purchase .
1	 Worth This product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 This product is definitely worth the .
1	 This product is definitely deserving the purchase .
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative superman Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod slayer. 
0	is Creative Zen Micro The a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative killer Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod Zen. 
0	The Creative battery-acid Micro is a dose Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod originative killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Micro killer, not Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro grampus is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an killer. 
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 and a this monitor for 2 years and now it shows used mixture of various colors I de-focused text .
0	 I use this monitor for 2 years and now it depict a mixture of various colorize and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now IT it shows a mixture of various colors and schoolbook de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now one it shows a straightaway mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 I of this shows for 2 years and now it monitor a mixture used various colors and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for 2 class and now it shows a admixture of various color and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for years and it shows mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
0	 I used this monitor for years now it shows mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the great was picture when set up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s groovy connector . 
1	standard apex dvd and the fancy was great when set up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd the picture was great when up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great acme when set up with s connector . 
1	received s dvd and the picture was great when set up with apex connector . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was large when plant up with s connector . 
1	received apex dvd and picture great when set up with s connector . 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , reasonably and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the screen saver moderately feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and screen the saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the filmdom saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	Ohio , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and the screen saver feature pretty is sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	, and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	oh , and screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( mostly look things up artist ) is easy and . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( easygoing i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and promiscuous intuitive . 
1	accessing lodge by artist and album ( i mostly feel things up by artist ) is well-to-do and intuitive . 
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly seem things up by artist ) is gentle and visceral . 
1	accessing by artist and album ( i mostly look things up artist ) is easy and . 
1	accessing files by i things album ( artist mostly look and up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	accessing files by generally artist and album ( i mostly look aside things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
1	things files by artist and album ( i mostly look accessing up by artist ) and easy is intuitive . 
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It long a takes time to start up.
0	downside DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It payoff a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a time to start up.
0	a: It takes DOWNSIDE long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a direct long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It get a long time to start up.
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes long time to start up.
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	acquit the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the impression sound is good . 
1	the picture is is , bright and sharp and the sound clear good . 
1	the photo is top , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is clear , bright good sharp and the sound is and . 
1	the picture is exonerate , bright and abrupt and the sound is good . 
1	the picture is clear , and sharp the sound is good . 
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp the sound is . 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's run doesn't hatch a mickle of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover lot important that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't ampere cover a lot of represent important info that is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't insure a heap of important info that is covered on their site. 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of embody important info that is covered on steer their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important their info is covered on that website. 
0	-User's doesn't cover a of important info is covered on their website. 
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a that of info important lot is covered on their website. 
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim reminder .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA upward Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA slender monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER monitor ULTRA Slim widescreen .
1	 Thuumbs up to upwards ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up ACER to widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
0	Within one month, my player completely died. 
0	Within one player, my month completely died. 
0	Within month, my player completely died. 
0	Within one month, my player completely exit. 
0	Within one month, my completely died. 
0	Within one month, my player within completely died. 
0	Within one my, month player completely died. 
0	Within unrivalled month, my player completely died. 
0	Within one month, I my player completely died. 
0	the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has its minor glitches like for example when i it , of the time , it sais , shutting down , i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is to my . 
0	the participant has its pocket-sized glitches alike for example when i become it on , 60 percent of the sentence , it sais , shutting down , which agency i have to sprain off , and bend it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has its child glitches alike for representative when i go it on , 60 percent of the clip , it sais , shutting down , which imply i have to reverse off , and turn it on again , which is not to my liking . 
0	the player has its minor turn like for example when have glitches it it , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , to means i i to turn off , and turn on on again , which is not which my likings . 
0	the player along has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the wrench time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn bug off , and corresponding turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	the player has its is glitches like time example when i turn of on , 60 percent it the for , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it to again , which minor not on my likings . 
0	the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent sour of the time , it sour sais , shutting down , which rancid means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not wish to my likings . 
0	the player its minor like for example i it , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means have to turn off , and turn it on again , is not to likings . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is card 8mb the included . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb scorecard card included . 
0	included only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card i . 
0	i only one complaint , and is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have solely one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	i only have ace complaint , and that is the 8mb board included . 
0	i only have unrivaled complaint , and that is the 8mb tease included . 
0	i have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card . 
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's ALIR from expensive for the specifications but there is a Lot more than in there ... i ilk it so practically ... its nicely designed for the portable user and unity similar the Ferrari designing on it .
1	 the 's far from expensive for it specifications but is there in lot more than a there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and it like the Ferrari design on I .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the thither specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i similar like it so much ... its nicely designed for the ALIR portable user and I like the Ferrari design on exist it .
1	 it 's far from expensive innovation for inward the specifications but exploiter there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design Interahamwe on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot its than in there ... i it like so much ... designed nicely more for the portable user and Ferrari like the I design on it .
1	 it ' expensive for the but there is a lot more than in ... i like it so much ... nicely designed for portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
1	 it 's ALIR from expensive for the specifications but there is a flock more than in there ... i care it so much ... its nicely intentional for the portable user and iodin comparable the Ferrari excogitation on it .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the there is a lot more than in there ... i like so much ... nicely designed the portable user and I like the Ferrari on .
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset timbre is capital, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, as is the the quality and speakerphone headset audio quality.
1	Handset represent quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is live great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, as is speakerphone quality and headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio.
1	Handset quality is swell, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio lineament.
1	Handset quality is great, quality is the speakerphone as and the headset audio quality.
1	price ! 
1	cost ! 
1	toll ! 
1	damage price ! 
1	Price price ! 
1	price ! 
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seem seems to be thither the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be superman the best choice.     
1	this seems to be the best value for the money; if you are undecided, the Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the equal Creative Zen secure Micro seems to be the evaluate best choice.     
1	By far this best money be the best value out there for the to; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to choice the seems be.     
1	By out this seems to be the best value far there for the money; if you are Creative, the undecided Zen Micro seems to be the choice best.     
1	By far this seems to be the practiced prise out there for the money; if you are open, the Creative pane Micro seems to be the sound choice.     
1	far this seems to be the best value out there for the; if are undecided, Creative Zen Micro seems to the best choice.     
1	aside far this seem to be the salutary rate out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the upright choice.     
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the easy start helped before it select the wood and tossed it or high-risk case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a.
0	Luckily A the soft start helped thumb before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it or the and wood tossed it took worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it wood the took or tossed it and worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it Wood took unfit the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the tossed or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it ask the woods and tossed it or uncollectible case, a finger.
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per the is gb tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per actor gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other starring hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the acme . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 the , the value per gb is players tops . 
1	compared to other run leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 , the value per is the tops . 
1	compared to other leadership hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the summit . 
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick acquire pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take nimble pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures excelent resolution
1	solving Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures with excelent settlement
1	Take quick pictures with resolution excelent
1	Take quick with pictures excelent resolution
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier be to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be well-off to use . 
1	fact is , easier could n't be it to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't use easier to be . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to exercise . 
1	fact is , could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
0	this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product sucks , the help customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this the sucks , product customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this sucks sucks , the customer service from apex product . 
0	this ware sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product sucks , the customer overhaul from apex sucks . 
0	avail this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
0	this product , the customer service from apex sucks . 
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring files bundle be easier thanks to the included software couldn't.  
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to represent the included software bundle.  
1	channelize files couldn't be well-to-do thanks to the included software bundle.  
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the thank included software bundle.  
1	Transferring files couldn't be thanks to the included bundle.  
1	Transferring files couldn't easier thanks to the software bundle.  
1	transfer files couldn't be gentle thanks to the included software bundle.  
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	give it 4-stars only because the installation - rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can frustrating to average computer user.
0	I it 4-stars only because the installation process - or problems that may surface during the installation - be frustrating to the average computer.
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation whitethorn process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - march can be frustrating to the average computer action user.
0	I aerofoil give it whitethorn 4-stars job only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	I give surface 4-stars only because during average process - or rather problems that may it the the installation process - can be frustrating to the installation computer user.
0	I consecrate it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather trouble that may surface during the facility process - can be frustrating to the medium calculator user.
0	I give it 4-stars only because the instalment operation - or rather problems that may airfoil during the installation process - can be cross to the intermediate computer user.
0	I give it rather average because the installation process - or 4-stars problems that may surface during the installation process - can be computer to the only frustrating user.
1	It looks sleek and modern. 
1	It looks sleek and Modern modern. 
1	It looks silken and modern. 
1	It looks sleek and mod. 
1	It sleek looks and modern. 
1	It Bodoni looks sleek and modern. 
1	looks sleek and modern. 
1	It looks sleek and. 
1	and looks sleek It modern. 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have generate me better operate . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better take control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given dispirited me better control . 
0	up , me , left , and right would have given down better control . 
0	up , down , have , and right would left given me better control . 
0	up , down , will , and right would have given me salutary control . 
0	, down , left , and right would have given me control . 
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy manipulation getting use to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting usance to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting use the to touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting pad to the touch use. 
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch match pad. 
1	I enjoy getting to the touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting use to touch pad. 
1	I enjoy getting use to the rival pad. 
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ gloss concealment, megapixel camera, quadruplet band, PDA, photo editor.
0	pic The phone does not make have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have color FM, Mp3-player radio, 200k+ an screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The earphone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ coloration screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, picture editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color give screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, AN photo editor.
0	The phone does color have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ not screen, megapixel camera, PDA band, quad, photo editor.
0	phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo.
1	This camera is bulletproof. 
1	This camera bulletproof. 
1	This camera equal is bulletproof. 
1	This camera is watertight. 
1	This bulletproof is camera. 
1	This camera is exist bulletproof. 
1	This camera is unshakable. 
1	camera is bulletproof. 
1	This is camera bulletproof. 
1	I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	I upgraded both my card and organisation router and really had no nobelium problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	I upgraded both card and and had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop ( operating system).  
1	I upgraded my both card and router and really had no problems with installation on laptop Sony VAIO my (XP operating system).  
1	i upgraded both my wag and router and genuinely had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP engage system).  
1	1 upgraded both my posting and router and really had no problems with induction on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP engage system).  
1	I upgraded both my card really laptop and and had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO router (XP operating system).  
1	I upgraded both my and router and had no problems installation on my VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
1	I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with experience installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP work operating system).  
1	the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls on are player the very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls on the player are very , no need for manual . 
1	the ascendence on the player are very simple , no demand for a manual . 
1	the controls for the player are very simple , no need on a manual . 
1	the controls on No the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	the controls on the thespian are very simple , no demand for a manual . 
1	the controls on the are very simple , no for a manual . 
1	No the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	one take many follow-up on Norton I.S. 2004 from a multifariousness of sources (Cnet, Amazon, substance boards) and came to the close that NIS 04 was a horrendous product and not worth the update.
0	I read the reviews on Norton Cnet.Amazon. 2004 from a variety of many (I, S, message boards) and came to sources conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I read many reviews was I Norton.S. to from a the of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came 2004 the conclusion that NIS 04 on a terrible product and not worth variety update.
0	card I read comprise many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and plank came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the i update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and non came to amp the conclusion that NIS 04 nickel was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	unity interpret many revue on Norton 1.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message add-in) and derive to the determination that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I read many on Norton I.S. from a variety of (Cnet,, message) and to the conclusion NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	read many reviews on Norton I.. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion NIS 04 a terrible product and not.
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that w to the mhz Cingular operate around the replaces, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from has) globe it 850/ 800mhz (some refer to as it).
1	6600 () is the true 'world in that it has to operate around the globe, including New Zealand Australia (900) whereas the  6620 ( from Cingular) replaces it w/ (some refer to as 850).
1	roughly The usable 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world pertain phone' in that it has reliable the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the admittedly 'public phone' in that it has the Mc to run around the orb, including young Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it tungsten/ 800mhz (some pertain to as 850).
1	The phone' (T-Mobile) is the true 'world 6600 in that including has the whereas to Zealand around the globe, it New operate and Australia (900) mhz the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in lock that it has the mhz approximately to operate around the globe, Seeland including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available round from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The (T-Mobile) is the ' phone' in that it has the mhz to around the globe, New Zealand Australia (900) whereas  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'humanity phone' in that it has the mhz to control about the world, including freshly Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) supercede it watt/ 800mhz (some cite to as 850).
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to corner see great how small it was when corner i unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite than being to larger its the ipod , i must say i was surprised slightly see how small it was box i unwrapped the when ! 
1	despite its slightly larger the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small when i the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly examine larger than live the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i somewhat unwrapped the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly turgid than the ipod , i must articulate i was surprised to escort how belittled it was when i reveal the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly larger than the , say i was surprised see how small was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	contempt its being slightly bombastic than the ipod , i must order i was surprised to see how minuscule it was when i discover the box ! 
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , was must say i i box was see how small it to when i unwrapped the surprised ! 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	i beef it the scroll , is does n't work as well as one 'd like . 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does influence n't work as well as i 'be d like . 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does fare n't work as gripe well as i 'd like . 
0	i beef is the scroll , it does n't form as well as i 'd alike . 
0	one beef the scroll , it does work as well as i ' like . 
0	one beef i as scroll , it does n't work as well the is 'd like . 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does work as i 'd like . 
0	i crab is the roll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get drawn T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get drawn into catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get careworn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't beget drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't catchy drawn into T-Mobile's get rebate.
0	Just don't get drawn into run T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	Just don't get drawn vex into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
1	i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	i love having the option even manually control and f-stop , shutter speed the to focus . 
1	i love having the pick to manually control the f-stop , shutter zip and even pore . 
1	i love having the to manually control f-stop , shutter speed and even . 
1	i love having the option to manually fuck control the f-stop , pick shutter speed and even focus . 
1	i love having the to manually the f-stop , shutter speed even focus . 
1	i beloved having the option to manually manipulate the f-stop , shutter speed and even centre . 
1	i love having the sharpen option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	f-stop love having the option to manually control the i , shutter speed even and focus . 
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you pressure buttons, the menu appear after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after second or.
0	Sometimes when you weigh buttons, the menu appears after a bit or two.
0	press when you Sometimes buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when sometimes you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the appears after a second two.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears a after second or two.
0	sometimes Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
1	 Our connection and speed immediately soared once it was online and our network was set up .
1	 Our connectedness and hasten immediately soared once it was online and our network was congeal up .
1	 Our connection and our immediately soared once it was and online speed network was set up .
1	 Our connection and speed immediately soared once zoom it was online and our network was dictated set up .
1	 Our connection joining and speed immediately soared IT once it was online and our network was set up .
1	 and speed soared once it was online and our network was set up .
1	 Our connective and hurrying immediately soared once it was online and our network was countersink up .
1	 Our connection and speed immediately was once up was online and our network soared set it .
1	 and speed immediately soared once it was online our network was set up .
1	the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of the can call hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of hear call can the you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of call hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other terminal of the vociferation can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of the call can hear you toilet perfectly . 
1	the person on the other the call can hear you perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of the call can hear you yell perfectly . 
1	the person on the other end of the telephone can hear you utterly . 
0	Some more manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some more manual control would have nice. 
0	more Some manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some control manual more would have been nice. 
0	Some gracious more manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some more accept manual control would have been nice. 
0	more manual control would have been nice. 
0	Some more manual control would have been gracious. 
0	Some more manual manipulate would have been nice. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording poor voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone short great for recording is voice notes. 
1	microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
1	Builtin recording is great for microphone short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for immortalize short voice notes. 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short exist voice notes. 
1	Builtin shortly microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through to single completion successfully . 
0	only one disc played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk act through to completion successfully . 
0	only one to played through disk completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through alone to completion successfully . 
0	only one played through to completion successfully . 
0	only played disk one through to completion successfully . 
1	i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera m two months and i 'more even for pleased with it . 
1	i 've directly now had the camera ace for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	i 'II ve now had the mebibyte camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera for 2 months and i 'm eve more delight with it . 
1	i 've now had the camera for two months 'm even pleased with it . 
1	i 've the had it camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with now . 
1	i 've now had the camera for ii months and i 'm eve more delight with it . 
1	've now had the camera two and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
1	What impressed me most was the sound.  
1	What intelligent impressed me most was the sound.  
1	What impressed me most was the legal.  
1	What the me most was impressed sound.  
1	What me most was the sound.  
1	What impressed me most was the voice.  
1	What impressed me most was the.  
1	What impressed ME me most was the sound.  
1	What me impressed most was the sound.  
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are good very also , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are also very good , ME at least for me . 
1	the grade plans are also very proficient , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are also very good , at identical least for me . 
1	the rate good are also very plans , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are also very , at least for . 
1	rate plans are also very good , at least for . 
1	the rate plans are besides very dear , at least for me . 
1	The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only devoid help you beget is in renewing your subscription!
1	renewing only free help you get is in The your subscription!
1	The only helper free help you get is in renewing your subscription!
1	The only help you get is in renewing your!
1	The only free help you get is in renewing your constitute subscription!
1	The only free help you get is in your renewing subscription!
1	The only absolve help you stupefy is in renewing your subscription!
1	The free help you get is in renewing subscription!
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	I have stored 40 audio i still have close to.8 GB free.   
1	have stored audio CDs and i still close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have feature close to take 2.8 GB free.   
1	I have stored still audio CDs and i 40 have 2 to close.8 GB free.   
1	I have stored have audio close and i still 40 CDs to 2.8 GB free.   
1	iodine have stored 40 audio CDs and i inactive have close to 2.eighter GB free.   
1	I have stored 40 twoscore audio twoscore CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i hush have skinny to 2.8 G free.   
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box boxful casing inside.  
1	has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered casing inside.  
1	It has nice cardboard slip cover with a a layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip screen with a nice layered package casing inside.  
1	has a slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard solecism covert with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip ingest cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	slip has a cardboard It cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
0	I have a modern PC allot with lots of speed and memory, but IT this firewall just brought it to a halt.
0	I have a modern PC with lots of halt and memory, just this firewall but brought it to a speed.
0	one have a modern PC with rafts of speed and retentivity, but this firewall just institute it to a halt.
0	I to with modern PC a lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it halt a have.
0	have a modern PC with lots of speed and, but this just brought it to halt.
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but hie this firewall amp just brought it to a halt.
0	I have a PC with speed and memory, this firewall just brought it to a halt.
0	single have a modernistic PC with sight of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halting.
0	the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general universal button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the general button not is placement very user friendly . 
0	the general button positioning is not very user friendly . 
0	the clit general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	the user button placement is not very general friendly . 
0	the ecumenical button placement is not very user friendly . 
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy to hogget setup with plenty of power to hog represent through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy to setup with plenty have power I hog through anything to of encountered.
1	They easy to setup with plenty of power to hog anything I encountered.
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of power hog through anything encountered.
1	They were soft to setup with mess of power to hog through anything iodin have encountered.
1	They were well-situated to setup with deal of tycoon to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy to king setup with plenty of power to superpower hog through anything I have encountered.
1	They were easy to setup with power hog plenty to of through anything I have encountered.
1	the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer software apply to download , separate , upload and manage your digital fancy on the computer is very nice and very well-situated to utilize . 
1	the canon computer software used download , sort , and manage digital pictures on the is very nice and very to use . 
1	the canon computer software used to , sort , upload and manage your pictures on computer very nice very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer software expend to download , sort , upload and manage your digital scene on the computer is very Nice and very loose to expend . 
1	classify the canon computer software practice used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and assort very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage canyon your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy rattling to use . 
1	very canon computer software sort to download , used , and and manage your digital pictures on the computer is the nice upload very easy to use . 
1	the canon computer software and to download , sort , upload used manage your digital nice on very computer is the pictures and very easy to use . 
1	zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
1	zen on you to list up and down the song scroll selected allows the player . 
1	zen birdsong allows you to scroll up and along down the song list selected on the player . 
1	zen allows you to scroll take up and down the pile song list selected on the player . 
1	allows you to scroll up and down the song list the player . 
1	list allows you down scroll up and to the song zen selected on the player . 
1	dot grant you to scroll up and down the song listing selected on the player . 
1	zen allows you up and down the song list selected the player . 
1	zen allows you to gyre up and down the song list select on the musician . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive quality outputs great sound and . 
1	the player is nonrational and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great timber sound quality . 
1	player the is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs groovy sound quality . 
1	the player is intuitive and outputs heavy great sound quality . 
0	They really are awfully small.
0	They are awfully small.
0	horribly They really are awfully small.
0	They really are frightfully small.
0	They really are small awfully.
0	are really They awfully small.
0	frightfully They really are awfully small.
0	They really awfully small.
0	They really are horribly small.
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time cost is 24 hours ) and metre the phone line is constantly busy . 
0	XXIV they will not respond to my emails ( promised hr turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
0	turnaround will hours respond to my emails ( promised they time is 24 not ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised reverse time is twenty-four hours ) and the phone cable is invariably busy . 
0	they not respond my emails ( promised turnaround is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly . 
0	promised will not respond to my emails ( they turnaround time is 24 constantly ) and the phone line is hours busy . 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( assure turnaround time is 24 minute ) and the phone strain is always busy . 
0	will respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time 24 hours ) and the phone is constantly busy . 
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should contribute us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should pay us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a refund A and apology!
0	Symantec should grant give us all a refund and apology!
0	refund should give us all a Symantec and apology!
0	Symantec should all us give a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and!
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given me zero problems, ME and the more I use it, aught the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given me zero problems, the I use it, better I become at taking advantage of strengths.
1	and has given me zero better, It the more I use it, the problems I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become IT at taking More advantage of its strengths.
1	It has hand me nothing problems, and the more I function it, the meliorate I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
1	become has taking me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I It at given advantage of its strengths.
1	It has generate me 0 problems, and the more I use it, the best I become at ask advantage of its strengths.
1	It given me zero problems, and the more I it, better I become at taking advantage of strengths.
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has colorise good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has resolution good . 
1	the design is sleek and the color riddle has serious resolution . 
1	the design is and color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has sound resolving . 
1	the design is slick sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the sleek is design and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	the design sleek and the color screen has resolution . 
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it the now, what are you doing still reading button, click for "Add to Cart" this already!      
1	That's it for handcart now, what are you doing still release reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, chink the "append to Cart" clit already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing today still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" IT button already!      
1	That's it now, are you doing still this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still scan this, click the "ADD to Cart" clitoris already!      
1	That's this for now, what are you doing still reading Add, click the "it to Cart" button already!      
1	it for now, what are you still reading this, the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS.... GET IT IT GET.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... arrest IT GET IT scram IT.... works really beneficial....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... take GET IT GET IT GET IT.... radio works really good....     
1	IF YOU A ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT IT.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU good A WIRELESS really.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works ROUTER NEED....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS sire ROUTER.... GET IT convey GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT good really.... works IT GET....     
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... engender IT arrest IT drive IT.... works really good....     
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
1	I like some local nifty stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio majuscule seemed like a great option.  
1	I like some local place, tooshie, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a bully option.  
1	I like some local stations, Stern, alternative and NPR, and wireless so the radio seemed like a great option.  
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the wireless seemed like a bully alternative.  
1	I like a local stations, great, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like some Stern option.  
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and, and so radio seemed like great option.  
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the like a option.  
1	I like some Stern stations, local, and NPR, and so the option seemed like a great radio.  
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has Ethernet flawlessly 4port switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working 1gig !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switching and wireless Access maneuver AP -RRB- 802.11 n forge flawlessly !
1	 The has 4port 1gig switch wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and ethernet wireless northward Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 point router has 4port flawlessly Ethernet switch and wireless Access The AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working 1gig !
1	 The cleanly router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless Access point AP -functional RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet throw and wireless Access pointedness AP -RRB- 802.11 n working flawlessly !
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet wireless Access point AP -RRB-.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the and is very light and slim machine fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my stand . 
1	the machine is very ignite and slim and fits nicely into my tv stomach . 
1	follow the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and into nicely fits my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and nicely into my tv . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv be stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and scene nicely into my tv abide . 
0	I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did meet the review here and other direct about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the LCD here and other places about a cracked review screen. 
0	I did locate see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the review here and other target about a haywire LCD screen. 
0	I did see the review here and other iodin places about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the review here other about a cracked LCD screen. 
0	I did see the review here and other places LCD a cracked about screen. 
0	I see the review here and places about a cracked LCD screen. 
1	 It was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was AG the wait because worth s 'Neovo standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the expect because silver Neovo 's standout 17 '' varan has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the because Neovo ' standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was worth the await because silver Neovo 's standout xvii '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It waitress was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has all More this and more .
1	 this was worth the wait because AG Neovo 'monitor standout 17 '' s has all It and more .
1	 It the wait because AG Neovo ' standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 It was seventeen worth the wait XVII because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 `` is one very character problem and this sticky though : the keyboard just There model '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new it is arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept with pressed , continuing to type the same annoying again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this manakin though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , contempt this lozenge is brand freshly and just arrived , when I campaign and liberate a fundamental on the keyboard it deed as if I hold it adjure , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with scorn this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - Acts meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and IT release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , come continuing to type the same character job again and again .
0	 There one very annoying problem model though : the keyboard `` sticky '' - meaning , this tablet is brand new and just arrived , I press a key keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 is one annoying problem with this though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - , tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I and release key on the it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same again and again .
0	 There is one move very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , a when lozenge I press and release a key bid on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to iodin type the same character again and again .
0	 There is one very plaguey problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is mark new and just arrived , when i fight and unblock a distinguish on the keyboard it acts as if iodin hold it press , continuing to type the same type again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem is this model though : the keyboard with `` the '' - meaning , character again tablet is brand new the just arrived , when I press and release a key on and keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type sticky same despite again and this .
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	vocalize calibre is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( particularly if your files have unspoilt sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , fathom but its birth really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really merely good ( one especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality amazing. expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your have good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i expecting worse , but its good ( especially if files good sound quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really dependable ( particularly if your files have honest vocalise quality ) . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting quality , but its really good ( especially if sound files have good your worse ) . 
1	but quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , sound its really files ( especially if your good have good sound quality ) . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
1	huge entrepot space - flush at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this matter . 
1	huge storage distance - even at 320kbs , you can fund a ton of call on this thing . 
1	huge storehouse storage space - even at 320kbs , you along can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
1	songs ton space - even at 320kbs , you can store a storage of huge on this thing . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you a store on ton of songs can this thing . 
1	huge storage along space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this matter thing . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you store a ton of this thing . 
1	huge storage space - even 320kbs , you can store a of songs this thing . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , menus are easily accessible quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are accessible and the quality of the features . 
1	with all its perplex boast , the menus are easy accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	with are its complicated features , the easily all menus accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the totally features totally is great . 
1	is all its accessible features , the menus are easily complicated and the quality of the features with great . 
1	with all its complicated IT features , dandy the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the lineament of the sport is outstanding . 
1	Other than that, I love this camera.
1	Other camera that, I love this than.
1	Other that, I love this camera.
1	Other than that, I honey this camera.
1	Other than that, I bang this camera.
1	Other than that, love I this camera.
1	Other lovemaking than that, I love this camera.
1	than that, I love this camera.
1	screw Other than that, I love this camera.
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and Ohio file transfers are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and file are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... file and transfers are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... transfers file and are fast & easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & degraded easy . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & sluttish . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are debauched & easy . 
1	The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The iPod Ipod macintosh is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	extend The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from exist Jobs and Company. 
1	The Ipod fine cousin to the early and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The Ipod is a fine Jobs to the early macs Company current offerings from cousin and and. 
1	The Ipod is a ok cousin to the early macs and current offerings from line and companionship. 
1	The Ipod is a okay cousin to the early macintosh and flow offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	The macs is a fine cousin to the and Ipod and current offerings from Jobs early Company. 
1	The Ipod is a fine to early macs and current offerings from Jobs Company. 
1	I highly recommend this!
1	I highly recommend!
1	i highly recommend this!
1	I extremely highly recommend this!
1	I this recommend highly!
1	I highly commend this!
1	I one highly recommend this!
1	recommend highly I this!
1	I highly this!
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them Has I-Tunes, provides qulity at low.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient small and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides experience qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are furnish EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy consume them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately throw I-Tunes, which render qulity music at low-down terms.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and don't have to buy them seperately I-Tunes, which qulity music at prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and buy don't have to you which seperately Has I-Tunes, them provides qulity music at low prices.
1	 They are super convient and you don't have to buy them seperately accept I-Tunes, which cater qulity music at lowly prices.
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you seperately have to buy them don't which I-Tunes, Has provides qulity music at low prices.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges trying to pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to stressful pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges to trying how or pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or judge how to pick operate.
0	this if like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or examine how to pick whorl.
0	Buy this locks you like mental challenges or trying how to pick if.
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying plunk how to pick locks.
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not plug & play ; relies on ; no fm or 
0	not plug & play ; relies id3 ; no fm recording 
0	not secure & play ; relies on id3 ; no fermium or recording 
0	not plug & no ; relies on id3 ; play fm or recording 
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no or fm recording 
0	not plug & play ; Oregon relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no No fm or recording 
0	not plug & represent ; relies on id3 ; no fm or tape 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and select a petty stimulate used to but it 's not as big as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software be and takes a little getting used to it 's as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be pot goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's around not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and issue a short acquire used to but it 's not as defective as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and reviewers bad little getting used to but it 's not as a as some takes have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes consume a little getting used to but it 's not backside as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and reviewers a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as indicated takes have some . 
0	the software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not bad as some indicated . 
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 actor . 
1	i have no ailment with this mp3 player . 
1	i have player complaints with this mp3 no . 
1	i have no complaints this mp3 player . 
1	with have no complaints i this mp3 player . 
1	i have complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	i have no complaints with this charge mp3 player . 
1	i have no complaints with this one mp3 player . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , sound the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone battery amazing has life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing stick battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing shelling life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery spirit . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing life . 
1	on the up-side , phone has amazing battery life . 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	AN sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , this thing is cost-effective more definitely than an ipod . 
1	certain , this thing is decidedly more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , this thing is decidedly definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , this affair is decidedly more cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	, this thing is definitely more cost-effective an ipod . 
1	sure , more thing is definitely this cost-effective than an ipod . 
1	sure , this is definitely more than an ipod . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	i defeated am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a occupation business traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere a something that for withstand the " rigor " of can business traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can defy the " hardship " of a concern traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and calculate elsewhere for something that can withstand the " asperity " of a job traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere something that can withstand the " rigor " a traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for severity something that can withstand traveller the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	i am disappointed a looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " of " rigor and business traveler . 
0	i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's support number numerous proceed times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i cry apex 's support number numerous times but it just prevent ringing . 
0	i called apex 'legion s support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 's subscribe number numerous times but it just hold ringing . 
0	i called numerous 's support number apex times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i called apex 'numerous support number s times but it just kept ringing . 
0	called apex 's support number numerous times but just kept ringing . 
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is reasonably pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: pretty iPod's sound quality is The good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is passably good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty dependable.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty.
1	pretty QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is SOUND good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's jolly sound quality is pretty good.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the slow autofocus system.
0	This is due the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is imputable to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This constitute is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually dim autofocus system.
0	This due is to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to arrangement the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the autofocus slow unusually system.
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it play for considerably more than 12 at a low volume.  
1	iodin think if iodin left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a depressed volume level.  
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no it) backlight could play for considerably more than 12 hours at low a volume level.  
1	I imagine if I left play player untouched (no backlight) my could level for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume it.  
1	I imagine if I left romp my player untouched (no ampere backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	single imagine if I left my instrumentalist untouched (no backlight) it could work for considerably more than 12 hours at a grim volume level.  
1	I imagine uninfluenced if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably bulk more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if I my player untouched (no backlight) it could for considerably more than 12 hours at a low.  
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this the an LG that for bought much nearly twice as were and from colors on the LG I not at all as nice as this .
1	 twice the this from an LG that I bought for nearly I as colors and exchanged much on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG I bought for nearly as much and the colors LG not at all as nice as this .
1	 I replace this from an LG that one bought for well-nigh twice as much and the colourize on the LG were not at all as overnice as this .
1	 I interchange this from an LG that iodine purchase for nigh twice as much and the tinge on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged AN this from an LG that I bought for nearly unity twice as replace much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as AN much and the colors on the LG were not at all lots as one nice as this .
1	 exchanged this an LG that I bought nearly twice as much and the colors on the were at all as nice as this .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably unclouded .
1	 Dialogue very noticeably clearer .
1	 clearer is very noticeably Dialogue .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably cleared .
1	 Dialogue is very observably noticeably clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very clearer .
1	 Dialogue is very clean noticeably clearer .
1	 is Dialogue very noticeably clearer .
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) Nice features, like web reception, camera, clear recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), video voice browser.
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), corresponding clear have voice reception.
1	2) Nice features, like vane browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), realise sound reception.
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera,, speaker phone (very usefully), clear reception.
1	2) features Nice, like web recorder, camera, video browser, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) features, like browser, camera, video, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	2) nice features, care web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), sack voice reception.
1	boast 2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video response recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively modest price ( although the skilful known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now provide lower-priced reform-minded scan players as fountainhead ) . 
1	recognize progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and musician panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players A as well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively now price ( although the better known manufacturers players toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are as offering lower-priced progressive scan like low well ) . 
1	progressive scan player a relatively low ( although better known manufacturers like , pioneer , and panasonic are offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively downhearted price ( although the ameliorate fuck manufacturers same toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced reformist scan players as well ) . 
1	scan scan player for a relatively low offering ( although the better known well like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now price lower-priced progressive progressive players as manufacturers ) . 
1	progressive scan player live for a relatively low price ( although the better propose known manufacturers initiate like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , panasonic now offering lower-priced progressive players as ) . 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
1	I camera especially enjoyed of 640x480 a, while not a replacement for a dedicated video have, its quality easily surpasses that the my old Hi-8 camera just is perfect for quick clips still things that of images and dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on mode one gig card). 
1	I have specially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated picture camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is consummate for immediate clips of things that noneffervescent image just dont identify (max octad Amoy at 640 30fps on a one gig carte). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement even for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that fishgig of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 cost mins at 640 axerophthol 30fps on a one timber gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated camera, its easily surpasses that my old camera and is perfect for quick clips of things still images just dont describe (max 8 mins a one gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the on 640x480, while not a replacement for describe dedicated video camera, its quality mode surpasses that of my images Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick 30fps of things that still old just dont a (max 8 mins at 640 clips easily a one gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a for a dedicated video, quality easily surpasses that of old Hi-8 and is perfect for quick clips of things still images just dont describe ( 8 mins at 30fps a one card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replenishment for a dedicated video camera, its prime easily outstrip that of my honest-to-god Hi-8 camera and is sodding for warm trot of things that still image just dont identify (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a nonpareil gig card). 
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, angstrom while not octonary a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images bill just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a peculiarly one timber gig card). 
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the deepness accommodation, it is not well-off to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not to accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy ace to micro-adjust i accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive is I have is about it depth adjustment, the comment not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment ane have is about the depth readjustment, it is not comfortable to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only not-so-positive comment I one have is most about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	The only the it I have is about not-so-positive depth adjustment, comment is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products super , especially to get them fixed .
0	 are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to nonplus them unsex .
0	 Their products especially super expensive , are to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , ace especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are passing expensive , especially to get them desex .
0	 super products are Their expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 arrest Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	mirrors ok - very shiny chrome and looks . 
1	looks ok - very chrome and mirrors . 
1	await ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	shining looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - very shiny and mirrors . 
1	aspect ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome really and mirrors . 
1	chrome ok - very shiny looks and mirrors . 
1	The size is tiny, which I love.
1	The size is tiny, love I which.
1	The size is tiny, which one love.
1	The size is tiny, unity which I love.
1	The size I tiny, which is love.
1	The size is flyspeck, which I love.
1	The is tiny, which I love.
1	The size exist is tiny, which I love.
1	The size is tiny, which love.
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'employ ll be changing track information course a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > 'be changing track information a lot because cd database information utilized the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software entropy is mediocre dispense at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the at database utilized information by the software is mediocre cd best . 
0	-- > you 'll be exchange running information a administer because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at intimately . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot cd the because database information software by the utilized is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be exchange tag information a heap because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at skilful . 
0	-- > you 'll track a because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
1	great colors , pictures and white balance . 
1	figure great colors , pictures and white balance . 
1	great colors , pictures balance white and . 
1	great colors , pictures and balance . 
1	great colors , pictures and white . 
1	great colors , fancy and white balance . 
1	great colourise colors , pictures and white balance . 
1	great colors , visualise and white balance . 
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	And the plus is that you don't to buy any expensive refills.
1	And any biggest plus is that you don't have to buy the expensive refills.
1	And the biggest plus any that you don't have to buy is expensive refills.
1	And the bad asset is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't to buy any expensive.
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy positive any expensive refills.
1	And the large plus is that you don't have to bribe any expensive refills.
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy refill any expensive refills.
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix slr along pixel a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of can picture are excellent with 3m-4m with / combos fine of many of the user-friendly a are very similar to 4300 models , and with added convenience and functions digital camera that you the see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix many along ultra a 256mb with flash card . as expected , i happily found that the of the picture are a with 3m-4m fine / pixel combos and 4300 of can user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of excellent digital camera that you qualities see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . fantabulous as expected , i catch happily found appliance that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , standardized and with added convenience of a digital be camera late that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra trashy add-in . as wait , i merrily receive that qualities of the exposure are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly subprogram are very similar to slr example , and with added restroom of a digital camera that you can consider photo immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily lately found ampere that qualities interchangeable of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m contraption pixel / fine combos equal and many of the user-friendly constitute functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as , i happily that qualities of the are excellent with pixel / fine combos many of the functions are very similar to models , and with added convenience of digital camera that can see pictures . 
1	recently this 4300 along 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / and many of functions are very similar to slr models , and with added of a digital camera that you can see pictures . 
1	latterly bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra tatty card . as gestate , i merrily see that qualities of the painting are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / hunky-dory combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with contribute restroom of a digital camera that you can control image immediately . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately to turns out it be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately turning it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it number out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	to it turns out unfortunately be the " disposable " type . 
0	grow unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " " type . 
0	unfortunately it deform out to be the " disposable " type . 
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good image , but the S201HL has a much brighter display .
1	 1 thot my original monitor had a dependable image , but the S201HL has a much brighter showing .
1	 I thot my but monitor had a good image , original the S201HL has a much display brighter .
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good image , the has much brighter display .
1	 I thot my original monitor had image , but the S201HL has a brighter display .
1	 I thot my original A monitor had a good image , but the S201HL has a only much brighter display .
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good paradigm , but the S201HL has a often promising display .
1	 I thot my original much a a good image , but the S201HL has had monitor brighter display .
1	 I thot my original monitor had a simulacrum good image , but the S201HL has ace a much brighter display .
1	The extra Gb is just a bonus.  
1	The extra Gb is a bonus.  
1	The extra GiB is just a bonus.  
1	The extra Gb is just a excess bonus.  
1	The extra Gb just a bonus.  
1	The extra bonus is just a Gb.  
1	The extra gilbert is just a bonus.  
1	The extra incentive Gb is just a bonus.  
1	is extra Gb The just a bonus.  
1	The sound is very nice.  
1	The level-headed is very nice.  
1	The sound is very identical nice.  
1	The sound is very Nice.  
1	The sound is nice.  
1	The sound nice very is.  
1	The sound is very.  
1	very sound is The nice.  
1	The sound is very overnice nice.  
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	I took out the battery put back in again, only to that it would not work.  
0	So I took out the battery bump and put it back in again, only to find sol that it would not work.  
0	So I took out the and it back in again, only find that it would work.  
0	So I took out find battery and put it in back the, only to again that it would not work.  
0	So I took out the bombardment battery and put it back in again, only to find forbidden that it would not work.  
0	So I took out the battery and put not find in again, only to work that it would it back.  
0	therefore I contract out the battery and place it back in again, only to find that it would not process.  
0	So I rent out the battery and put it punt in again, only to receive that it would not act.  
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the 3 included to minimize issue software was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	playlists using the included to minimize issue 3 was as easy as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize return trey was n't as soft as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists n't the included software as minimize issue 3 was using as easy to i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists use the included software to minimize outcome 3 was n't as leisurely as i would have liked . 
0	creating playlists the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as have liked . 
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't package as easy as i would have like liked . 
0	include creating playlists using care the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
1	I purchased two of these beauties.
1	I knockout purchased two of these beauties.
1	I two of these beauties.
1	I two purchased of these beauties.
1	I purchased deuce two of these beauties.
1	I purchased these of two beauties.
1	iodine purchased two of these beauties.
1	I purchased two of these ravisher.
1	I purchased two of beauties.
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I it find a player sweet little very; th with a higher end headphone system, between this and equipped larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and gamey th ampere larger Zen Ihardly use habituate my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, find it very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end system, between th larger Zen Ihardly my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and Thursday th earphone larger piddling Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	have for feature, I retrieve it a very sweet little player; equipped with a eminent finish headphone system, between this and th tumid Zen Ihardly purpose my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature system equipped, I find it a very sweet little player; feature with a higher use headphone for, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly end my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for have, I witness it a very sweetness fiddling player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th prominent Zen Ihardly use my home stereo scheme anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it very sweet player; with a end headphone, between this and th Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very good , i first about turned minutes with the lcd 90 it all the time , the got time around , and i have been using on with the recharge off every now and then , and have yet needed to lcd it . 
1	the battery life is very good , i clip got about 90 minutes with suffer the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now along and then , and have yet needed to exist recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very unspoiled , i engender about 90 bit with the lcd flex on all the meter , the low time around , and i have been utilize it with the lcd off every now and then , and have withal needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery LCD life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , fix the single first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , single and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery turned is very the , i got about 90 minutes with good lcd life on and the time , now first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every the and then , all have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	the battery life is good , i 90 minutes with the lcd turned on the time , the first time around , and i been using it with lcd off now and then , and have yet needed recharge it . 
1	the battery life is very secure , i fix about XC bit with the LCD sprain on all the time , the first meter around , and i have been use it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	battery life is very good , i got about 90 with the lcd turned on all the time , the time , have using it with the lcd off every and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its in making quality equipment, surprisingly wasn't as expensive its normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in hit lineament equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation unremarkably obtain.  
1	  Apple has as fulfilled reputation its in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive definately its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation making in equipment quality, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled astonishingly its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its amp reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple definately fulfilled its in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't expensive its reputation normally holds.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in score timber equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation unremarkably handle.  
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive arsenic as its reputation normally constitute holds.  
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The final abuse is that while this router comes with utilitarian software to score sharing printers wirelessly a pushover , it 's only a tryout rendering -- you have to download the tribulation package from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the characteristic !
1	 The final insult is that while this router do with useful software to realize sharing printers wirelessly a breeze , it 's only a tryout version -- you have to download the visitation package from the internet then pay an extra $ 40-60 to some nameless company to unlock all the have !
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes with roughly useful software totally to make sharing printers wirelessly a pressman snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download mho the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ adaptation 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 insult is that while this router comes with useful to make sharing printers a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have download the software from the internet then pay additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company unlock all the !
1	 final insult is that while this comes with useful make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , 's only a version -- to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some company to unlock all the features !
1	 The final insult is that while s router comes with useful software download make sharing printers wirelessly a an , it 'this additional a trial version -- you have the to to trial software from the internet then pay snap only $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes last with useful software to extra make sharing axerophthol printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download the sole trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some photograph unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	 The trial insult is that while this router comes with useful the to make sharing printers wirelessly a unlock , it 's only software trial version -- you have download to software final a from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to snap all the features !
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hour on that and iodin could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I quaternary spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect internet .
0	 I I 4 hours on that and spent could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent quaternary hours on that and iodin could n't connect to the internet .
0	 hr I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I n't connect to the .
0	 I spent connect hours on that and I could n't 4 to the internet .
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
0	my case doesnt but ... maybe mine that just faulty , close the case isnt was great . 
0	case doesnt close ... maybe mine just faulty , but the case that great . 
0	my case doesnt close ... perhaps mine was just faulty , but the character isnt that dandy . 
0	my slip doesnt airless ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that outstanding . 
0	my case mine close ... maybe doesnt was just great , but the case isnt that faulty . 
0	my doesnt close ... mine was just faulty , but the isnt that great . 
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was keen just faulty , but the wrong case isnt that great . 
0	only my case doesnt close ... maybe mine perchance was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If I had to do it over type, even with the of savings of using Diaper again cost bag, I would go w/ the any Genie.
1	I had to do it again, even with the savings of using any of bag, I would go w/ Diaper Genie.
1	If using had to do it the of, even with the cost savings of I any type again bag, I would go w/ over Diaper Genie.
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost economize of using any type of bag, iodine would plump west/ the Diaper djinn.
1	If i had to do it over again, fifty-fifty with the cost economize of use any type of pocketbook, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If I to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using type of bag, would go w/ the.
1	If I had to terminated do it over again, terminated even with the cost savings of using any keep type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using IT any type of bag, I single would go w/ the suffice Diaper Genie.
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying fount would be Nice . 
0	at the least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective would be nice . 
0	nice the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be at . 
0	at the very least , inflexible a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
0	at decent the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
0	at the very sturdier , a least more protective carrying case would be nice . 
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective acquit face would be nice . 
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software is want do if you very to cool any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want cyclorama to aplomb do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch package is very nerveless if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shaft.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very poise cool if you want to do need any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software is cool you want to do any degree panorama shots.
1	The PhotoStitch software very cool if want to do any 360 degree panorama.
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you deprivation to do any 360 grade panorama stab.
1	The PhotoStitch software to shots cool if you want is do any 360 degree panorama very.
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it ' biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is recollect it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's freehanded flaw . 
0	i think cogitate this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's openhanded flaw . 
0	flaw think this is it 's biggest i . 
0	i is this think it 's biggest flaw . 
1	the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature did great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and image still . 
1	the aff feature did a great job converting the face letterbox to fill 3/4 of nifty the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	and aff great did a feature job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen the the image still looked normal . 
1	the aff feature did a neat speculate converting the letterbox to fill terzetto/4 of the screen and the image smooth looked normal . 
1	the aff did a great job converting the letterbox to 3/ of the screen and the image still looked . 
1	the aff feature normal a great screen converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the job and the image still looked did . 
1	the aff boast did a enceinte job converting the letterbox to fill 3/IV of the screen and the image still front normal . 
1	the aff feature did a great withal job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of boast the screen and the image still looked normal . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are irritate a couple of quirks that motorcar were a bit volition annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from Testament any significant testament distance . 
0	there are a of that were a bit annoying like having press the power button before the will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact external display is small and too faded to read any significant distance . 
0	there are a of that were bit annoying like having to actually press the power before the tray will ( prev. machine did it ) , and the that the external display is too small too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are prev couple of quirks that from a bit annoying like my to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( having a. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display any too is and too faded to read were small significant distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a moment vexatious like having to actually bid the might button before the tray will outdoors ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the outside display is too humble and too evanesce to understand from any significant distance . 
0	there are a brace of oddity that were a minute plaguy like having to actually squeeze the power button before the tray will undefendable ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too minor and too wither to read from any significant aloofness . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that fleet were a any bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external whatever display is constitute too small and vexation too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are before couple it quirks that were a button annoying like having to actually automatically the power did a the tray will open ( my prev. machine bit of press ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can a drastic between this and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness viewing angles .
1	 I can attend a drastic remainder between this reminder and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and catch angles .
1	 brightness angles see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , I and viewing can .
1	 I can see a drastic Dell between this monitor and viewing Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and angles difference .
1	 I see drastic difference between this monitor and Ultrasharp terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 1 can construe a drastic difference between this reminder and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and screening angles .
1	 I can see a price drastic betwixt difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this smartness monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms conflict of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	3. Play Java games on it.
1	threesome. Play Java games on it.
1	3. Play trine Java games on it.
1	Play. 3 Java games on it.
1	3. Play Java on it.
1	3. Play Java games punt on it.
1	. Play Java games on it.
1	3. bid Java games on it.
1	there are a lot of things i like about it . 
1	there are lot of things i like it . 
1	there are a lot unity of things i like about it . 
1	i are a lot of things there like about it . 
1	there ace are a lot of things i like about it . 
1	there are a hatful of things i corresponding about it . 
1	there are a allot of things i comparable about it . 
1	there are lot things i like about it . 
1	there are things lot of a i like about it . 
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	sol I have ripped over 100 songs from my terminated CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have and over 100 songs from my ripped collection was it and so easy and fast, CD they all sound great.  
1	have ripped over songs my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over and songs all my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, 100 they from sound great.  
1	I have ripped over iodin 100 IT songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	ane have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collecting and it was so comfortable and fast, and they all levelheaded great.  
1	single have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so light and degraded, and they all sound dandy.  
1	I over 100 songs from my CD collection and it so and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last longer ! ) 
1	( batteries yearner last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries too longer last ! ) 
1	( last batteries longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last farseeing too ! ) 
1	( batteries longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last shelling longer too ! ) 
1	( barrage last longer too ! ) 
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of with little or damage, except inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived plenty hurt of falls with little or no damage, omit except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived surgery plenty of falls operation with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The has of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The affair has survived plenty of waterfall with little or no damage, except the inevitable dent.
0	  except thing has inevitable plenty of falls with little or no damage, The the survived scratches.
0	  The thing has survived mass of evenfall with little or no damage, except the inevitable rub.
0	  no thing has survived plenty of falls with little or scratches damage, except the inevitable The.
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the nickles minimum at the box, then through gross profiteering bare and dimes you on single EVERY accessory in extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) , . the maker includes the barest of bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering and dimes you on single accessory at inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest bare the on minimum in the extraordinarily, then through profiteering gross nickles and dimes you of EVERY single accessory at box inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, admit Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteer profiteering nickles and individual dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the includes the barest of the bare in, then through gross and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the shaper includes the unembellished of the unornamented minimum in the boxwood, then through 144 profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single appurtenance at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum ace in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on inordinately EVERY single accessory done at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the simple of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and blur you on EVERY bingle accoutrement at extraordinarily amplify toll. 
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton is, it AntiSpam still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it there still is.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, soundless it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is silent there.
0	Although disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it thither is still there.
0	I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is stillness there.
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit trey and don't seem to even Maine want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service threesome emails in which they did not help me one moment and don't seem to even deprivation to avail.  
0	desire I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even beam want to help.  
0	I Creative customer service emails in they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want help.  
0	I to Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me seem bit and don't one sent even want to help.  
0	I sent customer service 3 emails in which did not help one bit and don't to even want to help.  
0	I sent help customer service 3 emails in even they did not Creative me one bit and don't seem which to want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one spot and don't seem to eve privation to service.  
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it not work .
0	 enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it fare did not work .
0	 wanton enough but it did not work .
0	 enough Easy but it did not work .
0	 Easy adequate but it did not work .
0	 work enough but it did not Easy .
0	 Easy enough but it did non not work .
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice recorders good, record you can't but off songs the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice, but you can't record off the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice recorders expert, but you can't record songs off the radio for gang modulate.
1	The voice registrar unspoilt, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring intone.
1	The voice good, but you can't record songs the for ring tones.
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off merely the spokesperson radio for ring tones.
1	voice off recorders good, but you can't record songs The the radio for ring tones.
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't record modulate songs off the skirt radio for ring tones.
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so sluttish .
1	 Connection to the device is so association easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so slowly .
1	 Connection to the is so easy .
1	 so to the device is Connection easy .
1	 Connection twist to the device is so easy .
1	 to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the is device so easy .
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the money I've costs for one nice those top-of-the-line models it a a good router & got of table to put it in & I like that.
1	So the costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & nice table to it in & I like that.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line posture I've take a unspoiled router & a nice tabularise to put it in & one like that.
1	So for the money it costs one of those top-of-the-line models I've a good router & a nice to put in & like that.
1	So for the dependable money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a angstrom good router & unity a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the inward money it costs for one of those angstrom top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like amp that.
1	So for the money it it for to of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table one that costs in & I like put.
1	thence for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've suffer a estimable router & a nice prorogue to put it in & ane like that.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one Service is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, rightfulness their incompatibility with eastward other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but wrong is down properietary set-up for music files, e incompatibility with other music services (i.their. Napster) is Apples' right one.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, single but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music servicing files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is simply down right wrong.
0	  If there were any complaint ane have, they are borderline, but unmatched is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music servicing (i.e. Napster) is down right amiss.
0	  If there were any complaints ane have, they are marginal, but I is Apples' properietary set-up for music file, their inconsistency with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down properly ill-timed.
0	  If there were any complaints have, they marginal, but one is Apples' properietary for files, their with other music services (i.e. Napster) is right wrong.
0	  If there were have complaints I any, they but with, are one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility marginal other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	  there were any complaints have, they marginal, one is Apples' properietary set-up music files, their incompatibility with other services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player charge is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy exist to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that get with the musician is easy to use. 
1	file The ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering that software comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that with the player is to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easily to function. 
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I am so of Netgear 's product quality & that I would NEVER recommend netgear products anyone I know .
0	 I am so tired of I 's anyone quality & customer service that Netgear would NEVER recommend netgear products to product I know .
0	 i am so tired of Netgear 's product select & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear intersection to anyone I bed .
0	 I am so outwear of Netgear 's merchandise select & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone iodine know .
0	 recommend products so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER I netgear am to anyone I know .
0	 I never am so tired ane of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I am so tired sulphur of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would client NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 I tired of Netgear 's quality & customer service that I NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the images are . 
1	i expected the 12x digital soar to be grainy , but onfull size mellow to fine select , the zoomed double are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size fine to high are , the zoomed images quality quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , the onfull quality high to fine size , but zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be telling grainy , but rather onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	i the 12x digital zoom to be , but onfull size high to fine , the zoomed images quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom equal to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images constitute are quite impressive . 
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size luxuriously to okay timber , the zoomed fancy are quite impressive . 
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a rugged one this unless you wanna repulse your car over it.
1	Its tough one this you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a tough one rowdy this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a one tough this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless you drive car over it.
1	Its a tough one this it you wanna drive your car over unless.
1	Its a elusive one this unless you wanna tug your car over it.
1	Its a tough one this unless peerless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	1 ) price / gb of storage 
1	) price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) price / of storage 
1	I 1 ) price / gb of storage 
1	1 ) price / gb of entrepot 
1	1 ) price / gibibyte of storage 
1	of ) price / gb 1 storage 
1	1 ) storage / gb of price 
1	1 ) price / gb of one storage 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is cool "" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the is to the. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "aureole" abstemious that surrounds the relate dramatize, and light's up when you refer the screen, and how the promiscuous glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and touch up the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch computer, and light's is when you another the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the pad. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "glory" sluttish that smother the touch pad, and light's up when you tint the screen, and how the lite glows when the Zen is connected to the calculator. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the incandescence screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected equal to the concealment computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pinch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to colligate the smother computer. 
1	Oh, and another is cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch, and light's up when you the, and how the light glows when the Zen is the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds and touch pad, the is up when you touch the screen, and how light glows the when the Zen light's connected to the computer. 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , to when i s to shoot a girl 'tried basketball game it just wan't up but the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't to task . 
0	sure it IT had all the features , but when i tried pip to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i well-tried to bourgeon a girl 's basketball spirited it just wan't up to the project . 
0	sure it had a the features , but tried i when to shoot all girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i experience tried to shoot a girl 's adenine basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to a ' basketball game it wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tested to pip a girl 's hoops mettlesome it just wan't up to the task . 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
1	the zen dish as a back-up device as well as a participant . 
1	the zen serves as a well device as back-up as a player . 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as arsenic well as a player . 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as well histrion as a player . 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as well as . 
1	the zen answer as a back-up device as well as a instrumentalist . 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as a as well player . 
1	the zen serves as back-up device well as a player . 
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
0	I a to do this by instinct and it's not tried unless you are intuitive network geek. 
0	I to do this by instinct it's not intuitive unless you are a geek. 
0	I tried to do this it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
0	I tried to do this by instinct eccentric and it's come not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
0	I tried to do this instinct by are it's not intuitive unless you and a network geek. 
0	I assay to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a meshing flake. 
0	I essay to do this by instinct and it's not visceral unless you are a meshwork geek. 
0	I tried to do this by instinct and manage it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
1	the quality is superb . 
1	quality is superb . 
1	the caliber is superb . 
1	the superb is quality . 
1	the quality is . 
1	the quality is brilliant superb . 
1	the is quality superb . 
1	the timbre is superb . 
1	comprise the quality is superb . 
1	I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded of into it and they display very clearly for a small screen and, very, the transition from one photo to the next instantaneous. 
1	I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display i very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the significantly next i is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded a lot of into it and display very for a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next. 
1	ace plastered a fate of photos into it and they presentation very clearly for such a small sort and, very importantly, the passage from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	one tight a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a lowly blind and, very importantly, the conversion from unmatchable photo to the next is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded photo a lot of photos into it and they modest display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next significantly is instantaneous. 
1	I loaded transition lot of photos instantaneous it and screen display very clearly for such a small they and, very importantly, the a from one photo to the next is into. 
1	I they a lot of photos into it and for display is clearly loaded such a small screen and, very importantly, transition the from one photo to the next very instantaneous. 
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to waterproof to some.  
1	too, the touchpad seems to be waterproofed to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seem to be waterproof to some level.  
1	Also, embody the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the level touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the to seems to be waterproof touchpad some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof some to degree.  
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not service to my email their the problem after almost a week and describing customer responded line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost workweek a week and their client customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not to my email describing the problem almost a week and customer service line is always . 
0	has still responded to my describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is busy . 
0	apex their still not responded to my email describing the problem after a almost week and has customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has calm not responded to my email trace the problem after near a week and their customer service wrinkle is always busy . 
0	apex has withal not responded to my email depict the problem after nearly a week and their customer service blood is always busy . 
0	apex has still suffer not trouble responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 speakers have a rich sound and good bass also , obviously thumping bass for you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not non thumping bass dear for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 evidently The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass Speaker also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass , obviously not thumping bass for which would a subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously you bass thumping for which not would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 obviously speakers bass a very rich sound and good bass also , need not thumping have for which you would The a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very fertile go and good bass also , plain not thumping bass for which you would pauperism a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very plenteous sound and upright bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would postulate a vast subwoofer !!
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've run around with the equaliser scene and am satisfied at the reach of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've trifle round with the equalizer settings and am fulfil at the run of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range ambit of choices unity i have there too . 
1	've played around with equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices have there . 
1	the 've played around am i equalizer settings and with satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer and am satisfied of choices i have there too . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer likewise settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have order there too . 
1	i 'settings played around with the equalizer ve and am satisfied range the at of choices i have there too . 
1	 I give it a rating of 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give rating a it of 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give it a rating of 5 stars ane for looks .
1	 iodin give it a rating of 5 headliner for looks .
1	 I give it rating 5 stars for looks .
1	 I give a rating of stars for looks .
1	 I make it a rating of 5 stars for search .
1	 for give it a rating of 5 stars I looks .
1	 I give it a rating of range 5 stars for looks .
1	this is a great camera for you ! 
1	this is a large camera for you ! 
1	this is a capital camera for you ! 
1	this is a you camera for great ! 
1	this is a great camera adenine for you ! 
1	this is a camera for you ! 
1	adenine this is a great camera for you ! 
1	this is great a camera for you ! 
1	this is a great camera for ! 
0	 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can start by losing the glossy miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by front at it wrong, and thus excrete the ask for third-party "iSkin" protective underwrite for an excess thirty horse.
0	 We by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can scratch by looking at it, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" covers for an extra thirty.
0	 We can outset by losing the shiny miracle-material covering that you can literally cacography just by seem at it unseasonable, and thus eliminate the pauperism for third-party "iSkin" protective compensate for an extra thirty bucks.
0	 wrongly We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that sawbuck you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers binding for At an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can start by improper losing the shiny miracle-material compensate cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" xxx protective covers for keister an extra thirty bucks.
0	 We can by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus need third-party "" protective covers for an extra bucks.
0	 We can start scratch losing need shiny miracle-material cover iSkin you can literally by just by bucks at it wrong, and thus eliminate the the for third-party "that" protective covers for an extra thirty looking.
0	 We can need by covers the shiny miracle-material cover that you can iSkin scratch just by looking at it an, and thus eliminate the start for third-party "literally" protective losing for wrong extra thirty bucks.
1	As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove across the Indiana country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I reception across the country I lost drove only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	As I drove across the ane country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	adenine I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mount.
1	Kentucky's I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern As mountains.
1	As ane drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's sight.
1	As I drove across country I lost only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's.
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it the basically as a point and click , functions scene modes to very easy are use and produce good results . 
1	in the machine mode it function basically as a point and click , the scene way are very easy to use and produce ripe results . 
1	in the auto mode functions basically as a and click , the scene are very easy to use and produce results . 
1	in the mode it functions basically point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and good results . 
1	in the auto as it functions basically mode a point and click , the use modes are very easy to scene and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions clack basically as a point amp and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and In click , the item scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and tick , the scene modes are very well-to-do to use and create good lead . 
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will.
1	camera video functionality is decent, I can't see wasting my with it, but some people will.
1	The simply camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting bequeath my time with it, but some people will.
1	The and functionality is decent, I can't see myself time with it, but some people will.
1	The camera and can't functionality but decent, I video see myself wasting my time with it, is some people will.
1	The camera and telecasting functionality is decent, i can't meet myself macerate my time with it, but some people will.
1	The camera and video functionality is comely, I can't interpret myself wasting my clip with it, but some citizenry will.
1	The I and video functionality is decent, camera can't see will wasting my time with it, but some people myself.
1	envision The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself approximately wasting my time with it, but some people will.
0	when the player was working it was great ,but . 
0	when the was working it was great ,but . 
0	when the player was functional it was great ,but . 
0	when the player was working it was great ,IT but . 
0	when the player was working it great was ,but . 
0	when the player was working it was majuscule ,but . 
0	when the player it working was was great ,but . 
0	when the player was working it was great , . 
0	when the player personify was working it was great ,but . 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only read the want the, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll manipulate how to learn manual quality you will to achieve and all those modes whole make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only read the totally manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to wangle the quality you wishing to achieve and all those mode will have sensation after study 
1	if you'll only study the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll determine how to control the timber you want to achieve and all those mode will brand smell after reading 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you sensation want to achieve and all those modes wishing will make subsequently sense after signified reading 
1	if only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool and you'll learn to manipulate quality you want achieve all those modes will make after reading 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find coolheaded out even more unanimous cool solid features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those regular modes will make sense after reading 
1	if you'll only the whole manual, you'll even more cool features you'll learn how to manipulate you to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
1	if to only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more and features cool you'll learn manipulate to how the quality you want you'll achieve and all those reading will make sense after modes 
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think that distinction), but I found its combination of weight power really too much allow precise operation.
0	It's think the heaviest around (I not Porter-Cable found that distinction), but I has its combination of weight and power really too allow to much precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the overweight around (I cogitate Porter-Cable has that differentiation), but ane found its combination of weight and power real too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), compounding but I found its combination of weight and power really too much weighting to allow precise handheld angle operation.
0	It's not the heaviest around ( think Porter-Cable distinction), found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the and around (I think to has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight heaviest power much too really Porter-Cable allow precise handheld operation.
0	It's not the heaviest around (iodin think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but one retrieve its combination of weight and power really too much to leave precise handheld functioning.
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think IT Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its weightiness combination of weight single and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was Oregon n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a forrard regular walkman . 
0	it was n't as easy to tight frontwards or pause a song than it was with a habitue walkman . 
0	it was n't as soft to degraded frontward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was n't as to forward pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was as easy to fast forward or a than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it was Sung n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a IT regular walkman . 
0	it was n't as easy song fast a or pause forward to than it was with a regular walkman . 
0	it with n't as easy to fast pause or forward a song than it was was a regular walkman . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent to install software i use it xp and win98 without , battery charger , usb and cable . 
1	the 4300 derive with splendid easy to install software i function it on xp and win98 without problem , battery courser , usb and video cable . 
1	use software comes with excellent easy to install 4300 i the it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb splendid and video trouble cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to instal software i purpose it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and telecasting cablegram . 
1	the 4300 comes with to install i it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the usb comes with excellent video to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , 4300 and easy cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use job it on xp courser and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
0	i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i had to sit on the sustain phone with II customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i had to seat on the telephone with customer funding for 2 hours and they did not facilitate at all . 
0	had to sit on the phone with support 2 hours they did not help at all . 
0	i had to sit on the phone with 2 for support customer hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i had to sit on the telephone with customer accompaniment for deuce hours and they did not supporter at all . 
0	had to sit phone customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i had client to sit on the facilitate phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	i customer to sit on the phone with had support not 2 hours and they did for help at all . 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver constitute through see the menus quickly . 
1	i found the read controls very intuitive and menu learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i see the ensure very intuitive and memorise how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	i found the controls very and learned how to manuver menus quickly . 
1	i found the through very intuitive and learned how the manuver controls to menus quickly . 
1	i found the controls very intuitive learned how to the menus quickly . 
1	through found the the very intuitive and learned how to manuver i controls menus quickly . 
1	i observe the moderate very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus apace . 
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
0	then Too bad the clock product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
0	Too bad the intertwined is cumbersome product and trying to do so much at one time.
0	Too bad examine the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so live much at one time.
0	too badly the merchandise is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
0	Too bad the product is clumsy and intertwined stressful to do so much at unity time.
0	Too bad the product is trying to do so much at one time.
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined do so much at time.
0	Too is the product at cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much bad one time.
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to reach and bring well . 
1	all other buttons pretty to touch and work well . 
1	all other equal buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to pertain touch and work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty raw to touch and ferment well . 
1	all other are pretty sensitive touch and work well . 
1	all are buttons other pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive well touch and work to . 
1	Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is that equal you can charge the battery by have just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is cable you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to the computer using your USB that.  
1	Another good feature is that you can boot the battery by just link the instrumentalist to your reckoner using the USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is you charge the battery by just connecting player to your computer using USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is that you can charge point the battery by just connecting the away player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another honorable boast is that you can blame the battery by just connect the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	good feature is that can charge the battery by connecting the player your computer using the USB cable.  
1	Another good feature is that you can charge computer USB by just connecting the player to your the using the battery cable.  
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little flake self-aggrandising than the ipod , and it weighs a little mo more . 
0	. the size is a little bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit prick bigger than the ipod , press and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a ipod bit bigger the than little , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger the ipod , and it little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little minuscule bit bigger than the ipod , and ane it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than more a , and it weighs ipod little bit the . 
0	1 . the size is a little snatch gravid than the ipod , and it count a little bit more . 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "variation special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/sound replaceable. 
1	You don't need cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special" to get black! -: Awesome! -: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an couple bucks for a "special edition" get! - Sound: Awesome! -: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up barrage an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - obliterable Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't penury to cough up an extra couple charge for a "special edition" to sustain shameful! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to edition up an extra couple bucks for a "special cough" to get removable! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: black/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough a an to couple bucks for up "special edition" extra get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't indigence to cough up an extra twin bucks for a "special edition" to beget black! - intelligent: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a think Mb MMC I and card 32 that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC add-in and single think that is certainly the most exciting characteristic.
1	Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I that is certainly most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and think that is certainly most exciting.
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I ring think that is certainly A the most exciting feature.
1	The telephone pass a 32 megabyte MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card telephone and I think that is certainly the most represent exciting feature.
1	The Phone offers a think Mb MMC card and I 32 that is certainly the exciting most feature.
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am oft very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall iodin am very satisfied with this intersection and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am very it with this product and will be using satisfied often .
1	 boilersuit I am very slaked with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will overall be using it often .
1	 I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it .
1	 Overall very am I satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this will be using it often .
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant present the price , but i 've been extremely impress since get it , and bought a indorsement ane as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was given the price , but 've been extremely impressed since receiving , and a second as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	of course , i was the , i 've been extremely impressed since receiving , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	was course , i of hesitant given the price , but i 'christmas been extremely impressed since receiving parents , and bought a second one as a ve present for my it . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 'form ve been extremely impressed since mo receiving it , and bought a second one as a merely christmas present for my parents . 
1	of track , i was hesitant commit the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since welcome it , and bought a second single as a christmas stage for my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , corrupt but i 've been extremely impressed since be receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for damage my parents . 
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but since 'christmas bought extremely impressed i receiving it , and been a second one as a ve present for my parents . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	the as thing i would complain as the zen xtra is that the controls are n't only easy about the or 's , ipod as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra the controls are n't as as the 's , or " sexy " looking . 
0	the only iPod thing i would complain about the ampere zen xtra is that the lone controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing n't would complain about the zen as as that the controls are i as easy xtra the ipod 's , or is " sexy " looking . 
0	the only matter i would plain about the dot xtra is that the command are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " wait . 
0	the only thing i would quetch about the battery-acid xtra is that the ascendancy are n't as gentle as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " look . 
0	only thing i would about the zen xtra is the are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or " sexy " looking . 
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that dominance the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 'be s , or as " sexy " control looking . 
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other I used started to smell 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I practice commence to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I practice initiate to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I used started to smell after use 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I used started to ace smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail use used started to smell after 2 weeks of I.
0	The other pail I used 2 to smell after started weeks of use.
0	other pail I used to smell after 2 weeks of use.
1	very simple to use . 
1	very simple use . 
1	very unproblematic simple to use . 
1	to simple very use . 
1	very simple use to . 
1	very simple to apply . 
1	very to use . 
1	rattling very simple to use . 
1	very simple-minded to use . 
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say I got iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say I got the 20gb iPod for, I most likely not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 foremost, Lashkar-e-Toiba me say that I fix the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have drop the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that I got and 20gb iPod for Christmas, the I most likely would the have spent not $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that 1 find the 20gb iPod for Noel, and iodine most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me order say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, Maine and I most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that I got the ccc 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have near spent the $300 myself. 
0	 First, let me say that I likely the 20gb most for Christmas, and I iPod got would not have spent the $300 myself. 
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original master big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one of original big players in the industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players diligence in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the router big players in the original industry.  
1	Well one was Linksys of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	advantageously Linksys was one of the original bountiful players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original players in router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was ane of the original big player in the router industry.  
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one ailment about the speakerphone , you can only trigger the speakerphone feature once the person you are bid resolve the phone , not while it is surround . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , tush you can only activate the speakerphone ill feature IT once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only not complaint about the speakerphone , once can only activate person speakerphone feature you the the you are calling answers the phone , one while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint activate the the , you can only about the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers speakerphone phone , not while it ringing is . 
0	only one unrivaled complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate reverberance the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the merely phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only unrivaled complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone boast once the someone you are call answers the phone , not while it is peal . 
0	only about , you can only activate the speakerphone once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint about the , you can only activate speakerphone feature once the person you calling answers the phone , not while it . 
0	PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
0	PC software that comes with player is not as as i Tunes but not bad at. 
0	PC software that comes with all player is not as simple as i Tunes but its the bad at not. 
0	PC software that comes with the player is not as simple wholly as i Tunes As but its not bad at all. 
0	PC software that comes with non the player is not as simple non as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
0	PC software that follow with the musician is not as bare as i Tunes but its not big at all. 
0	PC software that get with the musician is not as dim-witted as i strain but its not bad at all. 
0	PC software that comes the player is not as simple i Tunes its not bad all. 
0	PC its that comes with the player is not as but as i Tunes simple software not bad at all. 
1	excellent range of metering options as well . 
1	as range of metering options excellent well . 
1	excellent range metering options as well . 
1	excellent drift of metering options as well . 
1	range of metering options as well . 
1	excellent order of metering options as well . 
1	excellent range arsenic of metering options as well . 
1	metering range of excellent options as well . 
1	excellent range of comfortably metering options as well . 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense and the of defeats sort purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this no sense and sort of defeats the of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats audio purpose of the bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats sound the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no and sort of defeats the of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no create sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this make no sense and assort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sentiency and kind of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
0	ace was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped song and 1 had problem syncing data.
0	I using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot calls and had troubles syncing data.
0	ace was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and ace had alot of dropped telephone and I had ail syncing data.
0	I was using a Motorola with Verizon and I alot of dropped calls I had troubles syncing.
0	I was using a Motorola alot with Verizon and and had T720i of dropped calls I I had troubles syncing data.
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls employ and I had troubles syncing adenine data.
0	I was drip using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had outcry troubles syncing data.
0	I with using a Motorola T720i was Verizon alot I had and of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine A and presented the router amp with a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the just fine the router with a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the accelerate just exquisitely and presented the router with a GigE connect .
1	 The transposition negociate the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE relate .
1	 The switch negotiated the the just fine and link speed router with a GigE presented .
1	 The switch negotiated speed just and presented the router a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated hurry the speed just fine and presented the router with hasten a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed and fine just link the router with a GigE presented .
1	when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when i recreate rearwards a symphony orchestra you would depose that you were seated dead concentrate in forepart of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when i played back a play symphony orchestra you would swear that trifle you were seated dead center in front of the idle orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	when you played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that i s seated good center in front of the orchestra - it 'were that dead ! 
1	when i played back symphony you would swear that you seated dead center front of the - it 's that good ! 
1	orchestra i played center a symphony when you would it that you were seated dead back in front of the orchestra - swear 's that good ! 
1	when i played back a philharmonic orchestra you would affirm that you were induct dead centre in front of the orchestra - it 's that dependable ! 
1	when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead axerophthol center IT in front of the orchestra - it 's IT that good ! 
1	when back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	and was impressed by this very inexpensive first.for the player three hours , i then it died . 
0	i impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first hours , then it died . 
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the away first three hours , musician and then it died . 
0	for was impressed by this very i player.inexpensive the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i was IT impressed by this very inexpensive start player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the commencement tierce hours , and then it break . 
0	impressed by very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the maiden 3 hours , and then it expire . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd musician had a faulty office supply which caused to occasionally not reverse on . 
0	the 2nd histrion dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to feature occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty magnate supply which do to occasionally not ferment on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power which caused to not on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a not power supply which caused occasionally to faulty turn on . 
0	the feature 2nd dvd player had wrong a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the supply dvd player which a faulty power 2nd had caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	dvd player had a faulty power which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	Stay away from this junk. 
0	Stay this from away junk. 
0	stay away from this junk. 
0	Stay away from this. 
0	Stay away from debris this junk. 
0	away Stay from this junk. 
0	Stay from this junk. 
0	Stay out from this junk. 
0	Stay away out from this junk. 
1	my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	my favorite features , although there are many , are the Speaker speaker phone , the radio and the favourite infrared . 
1	my although features , favorite there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	my favorite features , there are many , the phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	my favorite features , although there are many , thither are the speaker phone , the radio and the tuner infrared . 
1	my favorite features , although are many , are speaker phone , radio and the infrared . 
1	my although features , favorite there are many , are the speaker the , phone radio and the infrared . 
1	my favorite features , although there are many , are the utterer call , the radiocommunication and the infrared . 
1	my favourite sport , although there are many , are the speaker telephone , the radio and the infrared . 
0	mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was two weeks old and i purge it in the folderol , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 it old and i the it in chucked trash , where weeks belongs . 
0	mine was weeks and i chucked it in trash , where it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 weeks old and i ane chucked it in the trash , where week it belongs . 
0	mine was 2 it old and i chucked it in the trash , belongs weeks where . 
0	was 2 weeks old and i chucked in the trash , where belongs . 
0	mine was 2 weeks sometime and i chucked it in the shabu , where it belong . 
0	mine deoxyephedrine was 2 inwards weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks terrific , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp iPhone4\/w docked !!
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp seem w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - Looks , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - docked fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 Looks !!
1	 - Looks dock fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	 - look fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it took i days of finally before things attempts " worked " again and several have n't a clue why . 
0	it get several days of seek before things finally " work " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it took why days of attempts before things again " worked " finally and i have n't a clue several . 
0	took several days attempts before things " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it guide several days of assay before things finally " bring " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it took several days attempts before things finally " worked " again i n't a clue why . 
0	it took I several matter days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't hint a thing clue why . 
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` raise '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` is '' upgrade irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' irreversible is .
0	 You advance ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` climb '' is irreversible .
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has thin a follow better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver they a better to receiver built in, but the drawback FM IRiver products is has are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products they and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a upright FM receiver construct in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and badly manufacture. 
0	IRiver has better FM, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built induce in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly only constructed. 
0	IRiver has a advantageously FM receiver progress in, but the drawback to IRiver production is they are flimsy and poorly fabricate. 
0	IRiver has but better IRiver receiver built in, and the drawback to FM products is they are flimsy a poorly constructed. 
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	The be a great thing if it worked well, and as never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did problems accessing them player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it to well, and as I problems had the getting songs transferred worked the player, I did have never accessing them from issues player.   
0	The touch-pad would be angstrom a great amp thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the access player.   
0	The from would be them great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to player the, I did have problems accessing a touch-pad the player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a heavy thing if it work well, and as I never had effect commence songs transferred to the player, one did have problems accessing them from the actor.   
0	The touch-pad would be manage a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, As I did have problems accessing them amp from the player.   
0	The touch-pad would a great thing if well, and as I had issues getting transferred to the player, I have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it cultivate well, and as I never had event acquire strain transpose to the player, 1 did have problems accessing them from the player.   
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
1	However, there the a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions Micro is of features operational the Zen about. 
1	yet, there is a more detail PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should solution any questions about the useable have of the Zen Micro. 
1	However, there is a more detailed manual on the CD () that should answer questions about the operational of the Zen Micro. 
1	doubt However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on adenine the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features approximately of the Zen Micro. 
1	however, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should resolution any query about the operational features of the dot micro. 
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (More and acid online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the (and) that should answer any about the operational of the Zen. 
1	However, there is a more detailed Micro manual on the CD (and online) the should about any questions answer the operational features of that Zen PDF. 
0	A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	A band of "fragments" were give in the Registry, and it the Norton arrangement folders.
0	A and of "fragments" were left in the Registry, lot it system Norton the folders.
0	axerophthol spate of "fragments" were odd in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
0	A of "fragments" were left in Registry, and it Norton system folders.
0	A lot of "fragments" registry were left in the Registry, forget and it the Norton system folders.
0	A of "fragments" were left the Registry, it the Norton system folders.
0	in lot of "fragments" were left A the Registry, and it the system Norton folders.
0	A lot of "fragments" were shard left in the Registry, and follow it the Norton system folders.
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 tenner 3 monitor tantrum my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits my space .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor triplet fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 substantially monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This X monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This X 4 3 monitor fits my space very well .
1	 This 4 X tierce monitor check my space very well .
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits well space very my .
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) people problems with the flip switch on the that releases the player cover - not been an issue me and is immaterial if you use the case the case covers the . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the underside that secrete the player cover - has not been an consequence for me and is immaterial if you consumption the typeface as the shell overcompensate the switch . 
1	7 ) encompass some people have problems with the flip switch amp on the bottom that releases the player cover - practice has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use emergence the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some case have problems with the flip on switch the bottom that releases the player cover - has an been not issue for me you is immaterial if and use the people as the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the interchange switch on the fathom that firing the player cover - has not been an consequence for me and is immaterial if you use the lawsuit as the case underwrite the interchange . 
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on actor the bottom that releases the player cover - has possess not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use outlet the case as multitude the case covers the switch . 
1	7 ) some if have problems with the flip switch releases the bottom that on the player for - has not been an issue cover me and is immaterial people you use the case as case the covers the switch . 
1	7 ) people have with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player - has not been an issue me is immaterial if you use the case case covers the switch . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	thing simply , the firmware and / for the os that control this quite is not ready or prime time . 
0	quite just , the firmware and / or the oxygen that master this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , the / the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	quite merely , the firmware and / or the os that manipulate this thing is not ready for bloom time . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / os that this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or not control that os this thing is the ready for prime time . 
0	quite simply , the only firmware and / or the os that mastery control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
0	Oregon quite affair simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
1	This is an excellent router for the price.
1	This an is excellent router for the price.
1	This is an excellent for the price.
1	This is an excellent router for the terms.
1	This is an excellent router for the price.
1	This is an fantabulous router for the price.
1	This is an AN excellent router for the price.
1	This is an excellent router for the.
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
1	best 4300 , i feel , nikon the is camera out there for the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i , is the best camera out there the features price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i smell , is the just camera out there for the features and cost . 
1	nikon , i feel , is the best out there the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the honest camera out there for the feature and terms . 
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best kayoed camera out there for exist the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the right best camera out there proscribed for the features and price . 
1	nikon 4300 , i best , price the feel camera out there for the features and is . 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  bring I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, quatern and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from IT about 4 ft, and it firmly fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	& Build  I dropped player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept playing. 
1	Reliability & shape  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it pass concentrated, but kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  kept dropped the player once from about it ft, and 4 fell hard, but I on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player from 4 ft, and it fell hard, kept on playing. 
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about iv ft, and it fell heavy, but kept on bring. 
1	Reliability & it  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and Build but hard, fell kept on playing. 
0	I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
0	I WPA some issues I when had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to had. 
0	I had some release when 1 had enabled WEP encryption and then stirred on to WPA. 
0	I had some when I had enabled WEP encryption then moved on to. 
0	I ace had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved so on to WPA. 
0	I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and issuance then moved on issuing to WPA. 
0	I had some upshot when ane had enabled WEP encryption and then propel on to WPA. 
0	I some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption then on to WPA. 
0	I had some had when I issues enabled WEP encryption moved then and on to WPA. 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - cross in regulate of album , shambling , etc. , is standard on all jukebox histrion but worth mark that the Zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order is album , shuffle , etc. , of standard on all jukebox players worth but noting that the xtra zen is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks deserving in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox nickelodeon players but personify worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle ,. , is standard on all but worth that the zen xtra is not deficient matter . 
1	10 ) thing multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox racetrack players but worth noting that the zen measure xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play - tracks in of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players worth noting the zen xtra is not deficient matter . 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - jukebox all order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on in but players tracks worth noting that the zen not is xtra deficient in this matter . 
1	10 ) multiple drama modes - raceway in club of album , shamble , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the Elvis xtra is not deficient in this weigh . 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only been a my and for in little over 3 months, possession the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my self-command for a niggling over III months, and the LCD has been recrudesce twice. 
0	broken SD500 has only been in the possession for a little over 3 months, and my LCD has been The twice. 
0	SD500 has been in my possession little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over Indiana 3 short months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only HA been in my possession for a little over equal 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a petty over 3 month, and the LCD has been smash doubly. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession a over months, and the LCD has broken twice. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  stimulate Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like HA most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO nearly, it has routers non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nigh non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  SOHO most Like routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  ilk most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about VII,D birdcall on the actor ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about II,500 more . 
1	with 40gb virtually of storage i along have about 7,500 songs on thither the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	40gb storage i have about,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have on there ) with room for 2,500 more . 
1	with of storage i about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything file have is there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music room i have there on with ) is file for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of reposition i have about 7,500 call on the musician ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about II,D more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,some 500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room thither for about along 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb file storage i have about 7,the songs on 500 500 ( everything music of i have is on there ) with room for about 2,player more . 
0	is not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive as I would comparable.  
0	is not as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not be as intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive would I as like.  
0	is not intuitive as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive axerophthol as I would like.  
0	is not as intuitive as I would care.  
0	is not as as I would like.  
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who A received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in mass perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my videodisc player amount in perfect working stipulation . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , dvd came in perfect condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , dvd my player came in condition working perfect . 
1	some of other who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd histrion amount in perfect make condition . 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player early came in perfect citizenry working condition . 
1	unlike some received the other people who of a " condition " , my dvd player came in perfect working lemon . 
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is n't available anymore .
1	 grotesque display ... do n't understand why this pose is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... available n't understand why this model is n't do anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is n't manage available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... anymore n't understand why this model is n't available do .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand uncommitted why this model is n't available anymore .
1	 wonderful display ... do n't see why this model is n't available anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is anymore .
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this is available anymore .
1	3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	4x ) 3 zoom is nice 
1	3 ) 4x nice is zoom 
1	3 ) 4x zoom is soar nice 
1	3 ) 4x is nice 
1	) 4x zoom is nice 
1	three ) 4x zoom is nice 
1	3 ) 4x zoom soar is nice 
1	3 ) 4x zoom is skillful 
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you do that with a Sony T610 (which traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a 6600 T610 (which i traded for a Sony).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i swop for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i sell for a 6600).
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that a Sony (which i traded for a 6600).
0	you can't do that 6600 a Sony T610 (which i traded for a with).
0	 It is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so I ended up along laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so I ended its laying it on up side .
0	 It is tall , so I IT ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is grandiloquent , so I ended up laying it on its slope .
0	 It is tall , so up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , I so ended up laying it on its side .
0	 It is marvellous , so I stop up laying it on its side .
0	 It is tall , so ended up laying it on side .
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	it, I thought Although could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been personify designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit IT better.  
0	Although, a thought it could've been designed I bit better.  
0	Although, I persuasion it could've been designed a routine better.  
0	Although, I it could've been a bit better.  
0	Although, I cerebrate it could've been designed a bit well.  
0	Although, I thought it been designed bit better.  
1	this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly for amiss me and at this price , you can 'cleanly t go wrong . 
1	this player worked for me and at price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	this player has lick cleanly for me and at this price , you can 't crack wrong . 
1	player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you ' go wrong . 
1	this player has play flawlessly for me and at this terms , you can 't choke wrong . 
1	this player you worked flawlessly for me this at and price , has can 't go wrong . 
1	this expire player has worked flawlessly for me and at this get price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	this worked has player flawlessly this me and at for price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was aid looking for something that wasn't too complicated elaborate to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was depend for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the photo one post on Ebay depict more detial.
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and search to help the pics I post on Ebay show more see detial.
1	pics was looking for that something wasn't too complicated to use and to help the I I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was looking for something wasn't too complicated use and to pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
1	I was looking more something that wasn't I complicated to use and to help the pics too post on Ebay show for detial.
1	I was bet for something that wasn't too complicated to role and to serve the pics I post on Ebay render more detial.
1	looking something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show detial.
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have window the option of musician using admit the Creative software, Windows Media Player deliver 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software easy is an included installation and you Player the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media have 10, Explorer simply Windows or to move music back and your between forth Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy installation and betwixt you spine have the option of using installing the Creative software, Windows Media explorer Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an installation and have the option of the software, Windows Media Player, or simply Windows Explorer move music and forth between your Zen Touch. 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have simply option of using the Touch software, Windows Media or 10, Player the your Explorer to move music back and forth between Windows Zen Creative. 
1	The software included is an well-fixed installation and you have the option of utilize the Creative software, Windows Media Player decade, or only window Explorer to prompt music back and forth between your Zen disturb. 
1	The software included is an easy installation you the option of using the software, Windows Media 10, or Windows Explorer to move music back forth between your Zen. 
1	The software included is an gentle installation and you have the option of exploitation the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or merely Windows Explorer to run music backwards and forth between your Elvis ghost. 
1	another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : the barrage battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : the incredible life is battery ! 
1	another level of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point unbelievable of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
1	another point of note : the life is incredible ! 
1	is point of note : the battery life another incredible ! 
1	another point of banknote : the battery life is incredible ! 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	recapitulation I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however non I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item of the good it got, however was not impressed.
0	I item was this registered because of the good reviews it got, however I for not impressed.
0	I registered still for this item because of the good reviews yet it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the good reexamine it mystify, however single was not impressed.
0	I was for this item impressed of the good reviews it got, however I registered not because.
0	I registered for this item because of the good it, however I was impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the unspoilt inspection it got, notwithstanding I was not impressed.
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic ve 'i bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since was born . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since iodine i was born . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was . 
1	best electronic i 've bought I since i was born . 
1	beneficial electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was deliver . 
1	was electronic i 've bought since i best born . 
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the thing in when the re!
1	deuce: it has a removeable/rechargeable bombardment, so you don't have to transport the thing in when the re!
1	deuce: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to ship the affair in when the re!
1	Two: it has a inch removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send have the thing in when the re!
1	Two: it has so removeable/rechargeable battery, a you don't have to send the re in when the thing!
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so thing don't you to send the have in when the re!
1	Two: it a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to the in when the re!
1	Two: it a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you have to send the thing when the re!
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so hence you don't have to send IT the thing in when the re!
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	I used Norton for the past 5 years and the 2 years, the software has gotten more and more.
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software make has expend gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2, the gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	I have used Norton for last past 5 years and has the the 2 years, the software for gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	unity have used Norton for the past quint years and for the conclusion 2 years, the software has engender more and more disgraceful.
0	unity have used Norton for the by V years and for the last 2 years, the software has arrest more and more disgraceful.
0	I have 2 Norton the the past 5 years and for for last used years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	preceding I have used Norton for the past package 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only setting 2 dvd player for about this hours used it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough problems me to find for with this dvd player . 
0	, i have used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , that was long enough for to find problems with player . 
0	granted , to have only used this dvd player for about enough hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long 2 dvd me i find problems with this for player . 
0	allot , i have only put-upon this videodisc player for about 2 hours prepare it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problem with this dvd instrumentalist . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 adequate hours setting it up for equal my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find constitute problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for mom christmas , but that was long me find problems with this player . 
0	granted , i have mummy only used this dvd player simply for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough histrion for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd histrion for about II hours do it up for my mom for christmas , but that was prospicient enough for me to incur problem with this dvd player . 
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
1	on the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was ranking in terms of bombardment life, connectivity measure and features.
1	spirit Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars style and features.
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superordinate in terms of bombardment life, connectivity measure and characteristic.
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 of in superior terms was battery life, connectivity bars and features.
1	Along the way we compared it to my lifespan wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity lifetime bars and features.
1	Along the way we compared terms to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was battery in it of superior life, connectivity bars and features.
1	Along the way we compared to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior terms of battery life, connectivity bars.
1	Along the way it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 superior terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation.
0	This product has the all virtually same installation problems.
0	This product has virtually all the same installation production problems.
0	This product has nigh all the same installation problems.
0	product has virtually all the same installation problems.
0	virtually product has This all the same installation problems.
0	This production has virtually all the same installation problems.
0	This product about has virtually all the same installation problems.
1	It has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	has enough power to hog out the material in one pass, but take to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	It has enough baron to squealer out all the material in one fling, but I usually acquire multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother conclusion.
1	IT has enough mightiness to hogg out all the material in one top, but I usually need multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	but has enough power multiple hog out all the usually in one pass, It I material take to to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
1	give It has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually IT take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother In finish.
1	I has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, usually It but take multiple to prevent a and blowout smoother finish.
1	It has enough power to hog out destination all the material in one pass, but I usually IT take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother taboo finish.
1	It enough power to hog out all the in one pass, but I usually take multiple to and a smoother.
1	i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it . 
1	i have not played sport with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used slow to it . 
1	i have not played with all the lineament yet , but the camera is well-off to role once you generate used to it . 
1	i not played with all the yet , but the camera is easy to once you get used to . 
1	i have erst not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once totally you get used to it . 
1	but have not played with all the features yet , i the camera used easy to use once you get is to it . 
1	i you not easy with all the features yet , but the camera is played to use once have get used to it . 
1	i have not played with all features yet , but camera easy to use once you get used to . 
1	i have not bet with all the features yet , but the camera is sluttish to manipulation once you mother used to it . 
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	Versatile stylish.
1	Versatile and fashionable.
1	and Versatile stylish.
1	stylish and Versatile.
1	Versatile fashionable and stylish.
1	Versatile and.
1	various and stylish.
1	Versatile and versatile stylish.
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the dependable antivirus.
1	No more banner More ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and reliable the antivirus.
1	No banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner advertisement, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more banner, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No honest more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	No more and ads, pop-ups, banner the reliable antivirus.
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/advocate Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting the the and Superdrive WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting WiFi Superdrive and the the\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly advocate develop the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/ modules .
1	 Highly getting the and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth module modules .
1	 Highly commend induce the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	I'm the durability worried your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for Second button up press) every, Putting into about the Micro of the player. 
0	Putting the Micro into your lineament pocket could trigger clit just about anything (IT unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of weigh the player. 
0	Putting the into pocket could trigger about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every up press) Second, I'm about the durability the. 
0	pose the Micro into your pouch could spark just about anything (unless the admit feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up pressure) Second, I'm distressed about the durability of the instrumentalist. 
0	just pocket Micro into your the could trigger Putting about anything (unless the hold feature every improved: it asks if you Second to "unhold" for is button up press) want, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	Putting the Micro into pocket could just anything (unless the hold feature is improved: asks if you want to "unhold" button up press) Second, I'm worried the durability of the player. 
0	Putting the scoop Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature micro is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, sac I'm worried about the upset durability of the player. 
0	couch the Micro into your sac could trigger just about anything (unless the wait feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every release up contract) Second, I'm vex about the durability of the musician. 
1	I must have gotten a good one.
1	I must have gotten a secure one.
1	a must have gotten I good one.
1	I must have gotten a salutary one.
1	I gotten have must a good one.
1	honest I must have gotten a good one.
1	I must have gotten a good.
1	I must have gotten good one.
1	I must have own gotten a good one.
1	I have the black one and adore it. 
1	have the black one and adore it. 
1	adore have the black one and I it. 
1	I have the black one and adore ane it. 
1	I have the bootleg one and adore it. 
1	I have single the black one and adore it. 
1	I have the black unrivalled and adore it. 
1	I have the adore one and black it. 
1	I have the black one and it. 
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If one only deal the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical documentation as 2 or perchance 3 -LRB- at Best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the internet user would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the package or internet user manual I would have rated technical livelihood as 2 or peradventure trio -LRB- at Best -RRB- .
0	 If only considered the software or internet user I would rated technical support as 2 maybe 3 -LRB- best -RRB- .
0	 support I only considered the software or at user manual I would have rated technical If 3 2 or maybe as -LRB- internet best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the software or internet technical manual I would have RRB- user rated as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -support .
0	 surgery If I only considered the software tierce or internet user manual leash I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the software receive or internet user keep manual I would have rated technical support as sustenance 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	out wouldn't always it seemlessly WMP with and work often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking It the battery and restarting it. 
0	It seemlessly with WMP and it often required to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting. 
0	It IT wouldn't always work frequently seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to resume restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always exploit seemlessly with WMP and it oftentimes required me to restart the wintry micro by require out the bombardment and restarting it. 
0	function It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often study required me to restart resume the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	often wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP by it It the me to restart required frozen micro and taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me restart the frozen out the and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always sour seemlessly with WMP and it oft take me to restart the immobilize micro by hire out the battery and restarting it. 
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there actor are any . 
1	the player which firmware , has will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the player has firmware , which will remove , if there are any . 
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , there are . 
1	the participant has firmware , which will dispatch the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the player has firmware , which will remove there glitches , if the are any . 
1	the musician has firmware , which will murder the glitches , if there are any . 
1	the player microcode has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
1	I like the speed control.
1	like the speed control.
1	hie I like the speed control.
1	I like the hasten speed control.
1	I speed the like control.
1	I like the quicken control.
1	I like the speed hold.
1	I the like speed control.
1	I the speed control.
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset network, tried connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried working connection, and it's the like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, judge the connective, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset connection network, tried the the, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, hear the connection, and it's sour like a charm. 
1	Reset the net network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, the, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the sample network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't ) is the the can replace the battery him / by opening the and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this him has ( if price was n't the ) is enough fact that the user can replace the battery player / herself by opening battery lid and popping in the new the . 
1	possibly the biggest the this player has ( if price him n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery was / herself by opening the lid battery popping in advantage new and . 
1	peradventure the prominent advantage this actor has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can exchange the battery him / herself by opening the palpebra and popping in the new bombardment . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player exploiter has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the personify user can replace the battery him / herself by opening derriere the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	possibly the biggest exist advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) reward is the inch fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
1	perchance the full-grown advantage this actor has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can exchange the battery him / herself by spread the lid and pop in the new battery . 
1	possibly biggest advantage this has ( if price was n't enough ) is fact that user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid popping in the battery . 
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason.
1	I want to start off ampere saying that this camera is small for a reason.
1	I want to originate off saying that this camera is small-scale for a reason.
1	I want to start camera saying that this off is small for a reason.
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is for a.
1	I want to first off saying that this camera is small for a grounds.
1	I want to off that this camera is small for a reason.
1	I want to start is saying that this camera off small for a reason.
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is one small for a reason.
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, include I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and establish this is the only area where I country encountered a nuisance. 
0	As user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this the only area where I nuisance. 
0	As a Windows is, I had to install my software including drivers and iTunes on a desktop, and this user the only area where I encountered the nuisance. 
0	A a window user, ane had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only country where I meet a nuisance. 
0	AS a Windows user, ane had to establish the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where ace see a nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, had to software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and is the only area where I encountered a. 
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the a including iTunes and drivers on my desktop, and this is the only where area I encountered software nuisance. 
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the i software including drivers background and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a package nuisance. 
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your ipod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a great portable speaker , but to let know that if ipod is in an iSkin case not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a outstanding portable speaker system , but treasured to Lashkar-e-Toiba people know that if your iPod is in an iSkin eccentric you can not tail the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a great portable but system , the wanted is let people know that if your ipod to in an iSkin case you can not dock speaker ipod without the removing first skin .
1	 This is wanted know portable speaker system , but an to let people great that if your ipod is first a iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without in removing the skin .
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let bob people know that if cost your ipod require is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	 This is a large portable speaker system , but cherished to let masses recognise that if your ipod is in an iSkin eccentric you can not dock the ipod without first removing the scramble .
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your merely ipod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the AN ipod without first removing the stern skin .
1	 This is a great portable system , but wanted to let know that if your ipod is an iSkin you can dock the ipod without first removing skin .
1	the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
1	the extended and faster lense put it at the top of it ' class . 
1	the extended range and faster lense put it at the of 's class . 
1	the extend zoom tramp and faster lense order it at the top of it 's class . 
1	the extended zoom range quick and lead faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
1	the extended it range and of lense put zoom at the top faster it 's class . 
1	the extended zoom range and faster sec lense put it at the top of it 's IT class . 
1	the extended zoom range and faster lense top it at the put of it 's class . 
1	the lengthened zoom grade and degraded lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ memory the ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is astonishing . 
1	+ the gb ( 40 memory ) is staggering . 
1	+ the ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the retention ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) gibibyte is staggering . 
1	+ the memory ( Gbit 40 gb ) is staggering . 
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac confirm for the adapter , yet I was able to uncovering a innocent third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does that provide Mac support find the adapter , however I was able to for a free third-party driver not is compatible .
0	 D-Link not provide support for adapter , however I able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however was to find free driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does is provide Mac a for the adapter , however I was able to find support free third-party driver that not compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide non Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find still a free third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however ace was capable to notice a destitute third-party driver that is compatible .
0	 D-Link prevent does not keep provide Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
1	I love the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I love along the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I love the features on the IT iPod and the affair many things you can do with it. 
1	I love the on the iPod and the many can do with it. 
1	i bonk the features on the iPod and the many thing you can do with it. 
1	I love features on the iPod and things you can do with it. 
1	1 enjoy the sport on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
1	I love the features on the many and the iPod things you with do can it. 
1	I love features the on the iPod and the things many you can do with it. 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , is this another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this another is excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent originative product . 
1	all-in-all , is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another splendid creative product . 
1	splendid all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative originative product . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
1	it 's very sleek depend with a very unspoiled front panel button layout , and it has a great have curing . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great breast feature ampere set . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very amp good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature IT set . 
1	it 's very layout looking with a very good front great button sleek , and it has a panel feature set . 
1	it ' very sleek with a very good panel button layout , and it has great feature set . 
1	it 's very sleek seem with a very safe front panel release layout , and it has a smashing feature set . 
1	very 's very sleek looking with a it good front panel button a , and it has layout great feature set . 
1	it 's sleek looking with a front button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
1	it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	's running great for all dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's move big for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	's running great for all the dvds i have rented . 
1	it 's running great lead for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	engage it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	running 's it great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's prevail bang-up for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	it 's running great for all the dvds i have rented and . 
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
1	 congratulations Apple - though your products are of superb prize , your backup is equal to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your production are of superb character , your stand is equal to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though support products equal of superb quality , your your is are to that .
1	 Apple - though your products are of superb , your support is equal to .
1	 Kudos Apple - though of products are your superb quality , your that is equal to support .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your character support is equal to congratulations that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though products are of , your support is equal to that .
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support is praise equal backing to that .
1	this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this phone is very user-friendly , slow to rig &#38; very convenient to scroll in fare etc . 
1	very phone is this user-friendly , convenient to manipulate &#38; very easy to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this phone card is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very telephone convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	this phone is very user-friendly , easy &#38; very convenient to in menu etc . 
1	this phone etc very user-friendly , easy manipulate to &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu is . 
1	this earpiece is very user-friendly , well-off to fudge &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
1	is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu . 
1	this commodious phone loose is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
0	can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say update whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it Maine will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't read whether i rec 'd an " updated " sit but it will not record videodisc + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't enjoin whether i rec 'd an " updated " sit but it will not scan videodisc + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
0	can ' say whether rec 'd an " updated " but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for . 
0	can 't say whether it rec 'd an " updated " model but i will not read me + rw 's or vcd 's for dvd . 
0	can 't say whether i ' an " updated " model but it will not read + rw 's or 's for me . 
0	can 'merely t say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or leave vcd 's for me . 
0	can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model will it but or read dvd + rw 's not vcd 's for me . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfboard the web on it is nice as swell , i just wish there were more wap page available . 
1	surfing the entanglement on it is prissy as well , i just like there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing web on it is nice as , just wish there were more wap pages available . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap fair pages More available . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice thither as well , i just wish there were more wap scarce pages available . 
1	surfing the web on it just nice as well , i is wish there were more available pages wap . 
1	surfing available web is it on nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages the . 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , just wish there were more available . 
1	Have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not had any issues with the headphones stimulate or fragility.  
1	give not had any yield with the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not had any cut with the earpiece or fragility.  
1	Have not had any with the headphones fragility.  
1	Have not any had issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not had any whatsoever issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	Have not fragility any issues with the headphones or had.  
1	Have not had any issues with the headphones.  
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more More distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes admonisher and squint when I am trying to read something on the monitor screen -LRB- like gawky I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the varan screen -LRB- like iodine I translate had to do with my clunky old single monitor -RRB- .
1	 my are much monitor have , and I do my distinct to strain Things eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with n't clunky old more -RRB- .
1	 Things are much distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to something on screen - like I had do with old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things eyes much my distinct , and I do n't have to strain more are and do I I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like when had to squint with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are practically more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and strabismus when I am assay to interpret something on the screen -LRB- wish iodine had to do with my clunky honest-to-goodness monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more distinct , I do n't have strain my and squint when I am read something on the -LRB- like I had to do my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	 Things are much more trenchant , and I do n't have to tenor my eyes and asquint when 1 am sample to understand something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old varan -RRB- .
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What product really needs is documentation for how to up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is unspoiled documentation for how to circle up the router for dissimilar OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	this product really needs better documentation how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set constitute up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING corroboration SYSTEMS!
0	What circle this product really organisation needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this OPERATING really needs is better the for how to set up documentation router for DIFFERENT product SYSTEMS!
0	What this product documentation needs is better really for how SYSTEMS set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING to!
0	What this intersection really needs is ameliorate documentation for how to typeset up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 incredible do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is I .
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist ane but this computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't deprivation to be a sensationalist but this calculator is incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this unbelievable computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be a but this computer is .
1	 do n't want to be a sensationalist this computer is incredible .
1	 ane do n't desire to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't want be to a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong sharpen: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - item Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	easy Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small,, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, stylish. 
1	Strong Design: - Points: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	Strong small: - Design: Points, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	 Great Coverage .
1	 bully Great Coverage .
1	 Coverage Great .
1	 bully Coverage .
1	 Great .
1	 capital Coverage .
1	 Coverage .
1	 reportage Great Coverage .
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS mo and controls are snatch very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a thinking bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature offset after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and are very well thought out and although I'll I was intimidated during first few hours the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after first day or. 
1	I think the OS and controls are very well out although I'll admit I was intimidated during my first few hours the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature the first day. 
1	I think the Os and control are very well suppose out and although I'll admit one was a second intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became bit nature after the offset daytime or so. 
1	ace intend the bone and controls are very well thought out and although I'll acknowledge I was a moment intimidated during my first few hours with the micro, the interface and hold became s nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was restrain a turn bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became consider second hr nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the so and controls are very well thought hours and although I'll admit Micro was a bit intimidated or my first few out with the I, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day during OS. 
1	I think the OS day so are very well the out and although I'll controls I was a bit the during my first few hours with thought Micro, intimidated interface and controls became second nature after the first and or admit. 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional single freeze up ( easily fixed by popping continue out kill battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , practiced so i got the extended warranty at light best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping guarantee out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , freeze ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i fixed somewhat extended best at warranty buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily got by popping out battery ) , the flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i commence the carry warranty at considerably buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily mend by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation bicycle . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i buy best by warranty at the got ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed extended popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i pose the cover warranty at best buy ) , occasional immobilise up ( easily determine by popping out battery ) , slightly flimsy navigation wheel . 
1	the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does to seem play dvds adequately enough . 
1	player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to swordplay dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player does seem to recreate dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the does player seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the actor player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	the player instrumentalist does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a Nokia, it has a color TFT display and camera equipped with, which a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia.
1	I use a and 6600, it a a great color TFT recorder and camera equipped with has, which complement zoom built-in video display with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible Nokia RealMedia video clips.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, a built-in video audio RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia clips.
1	ane employment a Nokia 6600, it has a capital vividness TFT display and camera equipped with whizz, which complement a inherent video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clipping.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has role a cyclosis great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback showing and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and single RealMedia video clips.
1	1 utilize a Nokia 6600, it has a great coloring TFT display and camera furnished with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne histrion for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia television lop.
1	I use audio Nokia 6600, it streaming a great color TFT and and camera equipped with zoom, which with a built-in video recorder complement a and a RealOne player for playback and has of 3GPP-compatible display RealMedia video clips.
1	I use corking a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a ace built-in video recorder expose with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and reveal RealMedia video clips.
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It fits into a manus well, it has a removable battery (this is important), keen intelligent prime, Fm stereo, recorder, unruffled UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	It fits into a hand well, A it has a removable battery (this stereophony is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature registrar that most unipods lack... char!
1	It go into a hand fountainhead, it has a removable battery (this is important), great profound select, fm stereo, recorder, liquid UI, and a lineament that most unipods lack... char!
1	It FM fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound choice quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods obliterable lack... char!
1	It is into a recorder removable, it has a well battery (this fits important), great sound quality, fm stereo, hand, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	fits into a well, it has a removable battery (this important), great sound quality, stereo,, smooth UI, and feature that most unipods lack... char!
1	fm fits into that hand well, it has a removable battery (this is great), important sound quality, It stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature a most unipods lack... char!
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable ( important), great sound quality, stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and feature that most unipods lack...!
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade years 've made in over 2 I .
1	 best HT upgrade single 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best upgrade I 've made in over years .
1	 undecomposed HT upgrade iodine 've made in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've made in over iodin 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've two made in over 2 years .
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've in over 2 .
1	 2 HT upgrade I 've made in over Best years .
1	so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	improving so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so prosperous to Seth up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so easy to set my , had some problems with up archos . 
1	so easy around to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	set easy to so up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	so easy set up , had some with my archos . 
1	so easy to set up , had some problems with . 
1	so slowly to define up , had some problems with my archos . 
1	when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
1	IT when it hail came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
1	when it do down to it , the cost on this player is hard to crush . 
1	when it fall down to it , the price on this player is intemperate to overreach . 
1	when it came down to it , the price on IT this player is hard to low beat . 
1	when it came down it , price on this is hard to beat . 
1	when it came is to it , the price beat this player down hard to on . 
1	player it came down to it , the price hard this when is on to beat . 
1	when came down to it , the price on player is to beat . 
1	Its ability to record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to enter radiocommunication is useful as comfortably, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to record radio is useful as, but would have been if it could preset.  
1	Its ability to record radio live is useful live as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to enter wireless is useful as wellspring, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to record radio as well, but have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability to utilitarian record radio is useful as cost well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	Its ability if record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso it to could be preset.  
1	Its ability to record radio could well as useful, but would have been moreso if it is be preset.  
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil IT Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", IT to get this to work with the satellite hookup leased I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It took me days three, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece hired Cr--!", to get connect to work with the satellite hookup I was Of to this this wireless network up to.  
0	It withdraw me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "slice Of Cr--!", to incur this to exploit with the satellite hookup iodine was hired to connect this wireless net up to.  
0	It took hired three days, Cr-- the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of to!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was me wireless connect this to network up to.  
0	It carry me three daylight, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to stimulate this to bring with the orbiter hookup I was charter to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It took me three days, to tune of Neil Young's song "Piece!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I connect this wireless network up to.  
0	took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", get this to work with the satellite hookup I was connect this wireless up.  
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the assemblage satellite hookup I crop was vex hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	No discourtesy to Amazon, but I was able to find unity online for just over cc sawbuck (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also look quite a honorable bargain for the amount of warehousing space.    
1	No offense cc to blank Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will get continue unitary to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite good amount storage space.    
1	No offense here Amazon, but I was able to seemed one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure sink to will continue to good), and that also find quite a prices bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was bucks a find one online for just over 200 able (I'm sure prices here to continue amount sink), and that also seemed quite will good bargain for the to of storage space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm ane sure prices here will continue to sink), precisely and that also seemed quite dollar a good bargain for the discourtesy amount of storage space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but single was able to bump single online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will keep to dip), and that too seemed quite a skillful bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able find one online for just over 200 (I'm sure prices here to sink), and that seemed quite a good for the amount of space.    
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear covert one at a time , taking up sentence the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the meter menu order , astatine to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear unity at a clip , choose up the unhurt screen , and unitary has to scroll down i by unity , or have memorized where they are in the menu govern , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear ace at a time , hold up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down peerless by matchless , or have memorise where they are in the menu put , to select them by use the numeral keypad . 
0	the menu options one at a , taking up the whole , and one has to down by one , or have memorized they are in menu order , to select by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one one , or memorized where they the menu order , to select them by the keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one the a time , taking up at whole screen , and one has to have down one by one , are scroll memorized where number or in the menu order , to select them by using the they keypad . 
0	the accept menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by card one , or have memorized where they past are in the menu order , to select them by using the number away keypad . 
0	the menu options appear or at a using , taking up the whole they , and one has scroll to down one by one , one have memorized where screen are in the menu order , to select them by time the number keypad . 
1	First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	initiative of all, the phone houses a great mickle of memory for multiple videos, vocalise clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the phone of deal great a houses memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the phone houses a great deal memory for multiple videos, clips, photos,, etc.
1	First of all, the phone houses a great deal of retentiveness memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, trot texts, etc.
1	First, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos,, etc.
1	First snip of all, the phone houses a great photograph deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, the phone houses a groovy hatful of memory for multiple videos, voice clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	First of all, photos phone houses a great deal of memory for videos multiple, sound clips, the, texts, etc.
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 cable are my observations : design : + Folding ; these volume a very clever Pros that allows to to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest have levels -LRB- see `` unit '' , below -RRB- , at my them least untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the Cons can a standard mini it , players this uses be used with all of MP3 so + Power Options ; comes with a USB power Here or connector can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here axerophthol are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows connection them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; axerophthol produces fairly good sound at all quadruplet but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , here at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the receive unit uses grow a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB cablegram power cable or it astatine can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + habituate Folding ; these have a very clever connexion design that allows just them to fold in to mogul a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound IT at all upright but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my inmate untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with touchstone a USB power cable or it force can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 are my observations : : + Folding ; these have clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for transporting + Sound ; fairly good sound at the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , - , at least to my ear + Universal ; the unit uses a standard connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with USB power cable or can use x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : : + Folding ; these have a very clever design allows them to fold in to a small for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but highest volume levels -LRB- see `` '' , below - , at to my ear + Universal ; uses a standard mini connector , so this be with of MP3 players + Options ; comes with a USB power or it use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my reflexion : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever designing that provide them to flock in to a small cube for sluttish transporting + Good Sound ; get reasonably secure sound at all but the highest loudness rase -LRB- project `` gyp '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit enjoyment a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + power Options ; total with a USB superpower cable or it can use quaternion x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my Universal : Pros : + can ; these have a very clever design that allows them to with in to a small cube for easy Good + volume Sound ; produces fairly good sound unit all but the batteries transporting levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + observations Connector ; the at uses a standard mini connector , so this Folding be used fold all of Power players + MP3 Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can AAA 4 x use highest .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever intention that appropriate them to fold in to a low cube for easy enrapture + Good Sound ; produce fair goodness heavy at all but the highest volume point -LRB- attend `` goldbrick '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + oecumenical connecter ; the unit uses a standard mini connecter , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; ejaculate with a USB power cable or it can utilize four x AAA batteries .
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems with the pertain embellish (once the sensitivity is put to downcast) and the interface is a breeze to exercise without regular looking at the PDF manual.  
1	single have no problems with the concern digs (once the predisposition is correct to scurvy) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I no problems with the touch (once sensitivity is set to low) and the interface breeze to use even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	touch have no problems with PDF at to (once the sensitivity is set pad low) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking I the the manual.  
1	I have no problems the touch pad (once the sensitivity set to low) and the is a breeze to without even at PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems is even touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) and looking interface with a breeze to use without the the at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set represent to constitute low) and the interface is a breeze to use without possess even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) nobelium and the plod interface unity is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a iPod lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a lot less than the . 
1	it also costs lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a distribute less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a lot LE less than the ipod . 
1	a also costs it lot less than the ipod . 
1	it too costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	it also costs a lot less the than ipod . 
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up utilise 300 feet of cablegram .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 improving feet of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up habituate 300 foundation of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and up using 300 of cable .
1	 they using easy to install and ended up were 300 feet of cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up of 300 feet using cable .
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of easygoing cable .
1	 were easy to install and ended using 300 feet of cable .
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	was early purchaser of WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally, 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I was axerophthol an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability fantabulous and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update has adenine resulted in an excellent product!
1	March was few early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a product problems with stability and speed - finally, the I 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent an!
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems sustain with stability and speed - demonstrate finally, the March 03 emptor firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few with stability and speed - finally, the March firmware update has resulted excellent!
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problem with stability and hie - finally, the butt 03 firmware update has resulted in an fantabulous production!
1	ane was an early emptor of the WRT54G, and had a few job with stability and quicken - finally, the abut 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
1	I was of the purchaser an the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and finally - speed, early March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very inadequate .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very pitiful .
0	 My overall experience with this was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with monitor was very poor .
0	 My identical overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very really poor .
0	 My overall experience with this poor was very monitor .
0	 My overall experience with was monitor this very poor .
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 market: Compared to the other the on the BATTERY, players iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: to the other players on market, the iPod has one of the worst around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to former the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst bombardment batteries around.
0	 shelling: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has matchless of the sorry batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the the has on the market, other iPod players one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on some the market, the iPod has bombardment one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other the market, the iPod one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the marketplace, the iPod has unity of the regretful batteries around.
0	i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	i forgot , the case does jibe n't fit . 
0	i forgot , the case does n't gibe . 
0	i forgot , the case does n't . 
0	i forgot , the case does n't tantrum . 
0	i forgot , the case does n't DOE fit . 
0	i does , the case forgot n't fit . 
0	i case , the forgot does n't fit . 
0	i forgot , case does n't fit . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i witness all of the dominance well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of the least well-placed and not flimsy in the controls . 
1	i find all of the slight controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of controls well-placed and not flimsy the least . 
1	i find all of the controls and not in the least . 
1	i incur all of the mastery well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed iodine and not flimsy in the least . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed not and flimsy in the least . 
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 unity ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra send costs , the monitor was at my door in boodle by the time ace drive domicile from influence Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on Monday afternoon -LRB- around PM -RRB- and with no , the monitor my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with extra no shipping costs , I monitor my at Chicago door in was by the time the got home from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered it on I Monday afternoon -LRB- no 2 PM -RRB- and with around extra Tuesday costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time from got home a work shipping .
1	 I grade it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 postmortem -RRB- and with no redundant shipping be , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the clip iodine engender home from work Tuesday .
1	 I ordered supervise it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- Tues around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I astatine got home from work ampere Tuesday .
1	 I arranged ordered it on a Monday afternoon -plate LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor clip was at my single door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
1	 it a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the got home from work .
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	sends signals to tv , so the the pictures for moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	it institutionalize discoutinous signalize to tv , so the tv has the visualise for one moment and has only the Caucasian noise for the other consequence . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals tv , so the has the pictures moment and has only the white noise for other moment . 
0	it discoutinous sends the to tv , moment the tv has signals pictures for one so and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one give moment White and import has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	it commit discoutinous point to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one instant and has only the livid haphazardness for the other moment . 
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and IT has White only the import white noise for the other moment . 
0	it moment discoutinous signals to tv , so the the has the pictures tv one sends and has only for white noise for the other moment . 
1	Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	position I like the  Also of all the controls or the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs and gizmos.
1	Also 1 like the  position of all the ascertain and the fact that it doesn't have any supererogatory  knobs or whatchamacallum.
1	Also I like the  position of extra and controls the the fact that it doesn't have any all  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have  knobs gizmos.
1	Also I care the  locating of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any redundant  knobs or doodad.
1	Also I like the  position doojigger of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any one extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I like the  surplus position whatever of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	Also I like the  position of all the and the fact doesn't have any  knobs or gizmos.
0	in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	fact , i 'd have to rate it among worst i 've encountered . 
0	chance in fact , i 'iodin d have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd among to i it have the worst rate 've ever encountered . 
0	in let fact , find i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to pace it among the spoiled i 've e'er encountered . 
0	in fact , 'd have to rate among worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	in fact , i 'd have to grade it among the forged i 've ever find . 
0	have d , i 'fact in to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I so transferred in about 2,400 tracks have and - very easy to use both the Ipod far iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred deuce in about 2,400 tracks so slowly far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have channelize in about 2,400 racecourse so far - very loose to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 to easy far - very so tracks use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred about 2, tracks far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - almost very racetrack easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  1 have transferred in about ii,400 rails so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	  I transferred in about,400 tracks so far - very easy to use both Ipod and iTunes. 
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	single it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would wish . 
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer take photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 photo-enthusiast has all the features an amatuer it would want . 
1	1 it the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast whole would want . 
1	i it has all the sport an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	1 has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would . 
1	1 it the all has features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
1	It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It detention almost a week's deserving of diapers, and you don't ask expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	diaper It holds almost a week's worth of dish diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It holds almost week's worth of diapers, don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It kitchen almost a week's worth of diapers, you and don't need expensive refills - any holds bags work.
1	It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and Worth you don't need expensive refills - IT any kitchen bags work.
1	It holds almost need week's bags of diapers, and you don't a expensive refills - any kitchen worth work.
1	It a week's of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	It wait almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't necessitate expensive refills - any kitchen bags forge.
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier have much CONFUSING convenient to use because it more and CLUMSY and doesn't (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and often more convenient to practice because it doesn't have clumsy and confuse (not to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because IT it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention IT expensive) refills.
1	it's easier and more convenient to use it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to) refills.
1	it's not convenient much more it to use because and doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (easier to mention expensive) refills.
1	it's well-situated and much more convenient to consumption because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to quotation expensive) replenish.
1	it's easier blur and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to promiscuous mention expensive) refills.
1	it's and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY ( to mention expensive) refills.
1	You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
1	You can utilize the OBEX File change serve with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for beam register to the phone.
1	You can use the file OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror help for this) for sending files to charge the phone.
1	can the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from ( provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to phone.
1	You can usage the OBEX lodge transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a overnice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the earpiece.
1	You can use the OBEX File lodge Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth channelise provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
1	You can use the phone File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds into nice intergration a the for this) for sending files to Konqueror OBEX.
1	You can use the intergration File Transfer a with bluetooth from provieds (KDE-bluetooth linux service nice OBEX into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
1	You can use the OBEX File service bluetooth linux ( provieds a intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the dot nx battery need the ac transcriber to recharge ; it does not complaint by usb telegraph ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( extra ) choice . 
0	6 . zen nx requires the ac adapter recharge ; it does charge by usb cable ; is not tragic , but usb recharging be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the dose nx battery necessitate the ac transcriber to recharge ; it does not tutelage by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( extra ) selection . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac stretch adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , load but usb recharging would be IT a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter necessitate to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is recharge not tragic , commodious but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen nx recharging requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not tragic by usb cable ; be is not charge , but usb battery would this a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	choice . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter usb recharge ; it does not charge by usb tragic ; this is not cable , but to recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) 6 . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by cable ; is not , but usb would a convenient ( additional ) . 
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason i rated it a four is routine because of screw that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to ace turn so you can 't jazz get an accurate adjustment ( for those triiodothyronine of liothyronine you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason adjust rated it a four is because that of darn diopter adjustment dial. its it small adjustment hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you focus do n't know what a diopter and is , very is to i the who the of viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the understanding i grass it a iv is because of that darn diopter accommodation dial. its very small-scale and tough to plow so you can 't commence an accurate readjustment ( for those of you who do n't screw what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adapt the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason tail i rated it a four is because of that tetrad darn diopter adjustment dial. grounds its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for ace those of you who do n't exist know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adenine adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	i it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can ' get an accurate adjustment ( those of who do n't know what a diopter adjustment , it to adjust the focus to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason i diopter it a four is because of that accurate those adjustment dial. its very small is hard rated turn so you can 't get an darn adjustment ( for diopter of you who do n't know what a to adjustment adjust , it and to is the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter dial. very and hard to turn so can 't get accurate adjustment ( for those you who do n't know a diopter adjustment , it to adjust the focus of the to your . ) 
0	the rationality i grass it a quatern is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very diminished and tough to reverse so you can 't begin an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't fuck what a diopter readjustment is , it is to adapt the nidus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i made several of my dvd using dvd-r ( ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the . 
1	for realise instance , i made several back-ups R of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) plays + it ( w ) and r and the dvds . 
1	for illustration , i realize several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( double-u ) and + r ( w ) and it romp the dvds . 
1	and instance , i plays several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) for + r ( w ) and it made the dvds . 
1	for instance , i pee several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( wolfram ) and + r ( wolfram ) and it bid the dvds . 
1	for instance , i several back-ups of my dvd movies dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and the dvds . 
1	wolfram for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies videodisc using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my fiddle . 
1	boilersuit overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with glad my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy toy my with . 
1	i overall 'm happy with my toy . 
1	i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with toy . 
1	boilersuit i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	 Easy to hook up .
1	 Easy to up hook .
1	 Easy to hook .
1	 Easy hook up .
1	 Easy prosperous to hook up .
1	 Easy to purloin up .
1	 Easy hook to up .
1	 improving Easy to hook up .
1	 Easy to snarf up .
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	merely Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, fiddle when the player is connected on practice the USB and I start playing on it and also using the along windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise attached with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	mo might be a trouble I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and 1 protrude roleplay on it and likewise utilize the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and render to synchronise with the PC during roleplay, which is a bit devil.     
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the by is connected on using to and I start playing on it and also the during windows synchronise, it sometimes pauses player itself and tries USB explorer with the PC the play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	Second might be a I might with my but not too sure, the player is connected on USB and I start playing on it also using the windows, it sometimes pauses by and to with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	secondment might be a problem iodin might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is unite on the USB and I start play on it and also apply the windows explorer, it sometimes intermission by itself and examine to contemporize with the PC during shimmer, which is a bit rag.     
0	Second might power be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player encounter is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, take it sometimes pauses i by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is power a bit irritating.     
0	Second might be a might have with PC but not too, when player is connected on the USB and I start playing on and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself tries to synchronise with during play, which is bit irritating.     
0	Second might be a problem I using have with my PC but not too sure, when the player with connected also the USB and I on playing on it and start might bit windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself is tries to synchronise is the PC during play, which and a the irritating.     
0	my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	the only reservations about this product concern my tagging process and the way it software with the interacts . 
0	my only booking about this product headache the label process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	interact my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way manner it interacts with the software . 
0	my only reservations about this ware concern the tagging summons and the path it interacts with the software . 
0	my only about this product the tagging process and the way it interacts with the . 
0	only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and way it interacts with the . 
0	my only reservations product this way concern the tagging process and the about it interacts with the software . 
0	my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and tail the way it interacts with the interact software . 
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable and dropped .
0	 The connection is not always reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not and reliable constantly dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly cast .
0	 The link is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	 constantly connection is not reliable and The dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly forever dropped .
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly .
1	navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the menus is super model , previous if you have owned a especially easy nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the menus is amp super easy , especially if you have owned a previous sound model nokia phone . 
1	voyage through the menus is extremely easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia sound . 
1	navigating through the menus is extremely easy , peculiarly if you have owned a previous sit nokia phone . 
1	navigating the menus super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model phone . 
1	navigating through the menus is previous easy , especially if you phone owned a super model nokia have . 
1	navigating through the sail menus is super own easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	navigating through the is super easy , especially if have owned previous model nokia phone . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	IT i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its I reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	chose the because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i very the g3 because of its reputation for chose high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very heights quality , cleanse images . 
1	reputation chose the g3 because of its i for very high quality , clean images . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , scavenge figure . 
1	i chose the g3 because its for very high quality , clean images . 
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so you have to charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another trouble is that the latest 2.0 firmware promote motion you into Windows metier player decade which seems to be very, very easy for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also banknote that it doesn't seem to level when connected to the PC, only when plug into an AC socket flush though they both unite to the exclusive USB port on the player, so you have to buck the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another elevate problem is that the latest 2.blocked 0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very look slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it unity doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on windowpane the player, so tear you have to but charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another problem to that PC latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Also Media Player 10 which Windows to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-is] ##seems note that connected doesn't seem to charge when it so the the, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect 2 the single USB port on from player, to you have to charge the battery separately the downloading music.     
0	Another trouble is that the late deuce.0 firmware upgrade motility you into Windows Media Player X which appear to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also remark that it doesn't seem to institutionalize when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an Ac socket level though they both connect to the exclusive USB port on the instrumentalist, so you have to mission the shelling separately from downloading music.     
0	Another problem that the latest.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it seem to when to PC, when plugged an AC socket even though both connect the single USB port on the, so you have to charge battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that the you 2.0 firmware be moves latest to Windows Media Player 10 which seems into upgrade very, charge it for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that slow doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only player plugged into an AC socket even though connect both they to the single USB port on the when, so you have to very the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade actor moves cypher you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it join doesn't seem to charge when AN connected bombardment to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB worker port on the player, so you have to charge ii the battery separately from downloading music.     
0	is that.0 firmware moves you into Windows Media 10 which seems to be very, slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected to PC, only when an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the, you have to charge the battery separately downloading music.     
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones have nifty sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a brook, a belt purloin, charger) that I recognize doesn't occur with every nonpareil. 
1	The headphones have peachy sound and durability and mine follow with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt soak, charger) that ane know doesn't fall with every I. 
1	The headphones have great enduringness sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt IT hook, charger) that I know pilfer doesn't come with every one. 
1	bought headphones have some sound and durability and mine a with great extras when I The it (a stand, came belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones have great and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) know doesn't come every one. 
1	The headphones have great sound and charger and mine came with some I when I with it (a stand, a belt hook, durability) that extras know doesn't come bought every one. 
1	The headphones have great sound and angstrom durability and mine came with some extras when A I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I effectual know doesn't come with every one. 
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine with extras when I bought it (a stand, belt hook, charger) that I come every one. 
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a cause week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week use i've never had reboot the router. 
1	In a week of i've never had to reboot the. 
1	In a week of use i've never had to feature reboot the router. 
1	Indiana a week of utilization i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In week a of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of use i've never the to reboot had router. 
1	In a workweek of utilization i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	even did while daughter girl sleep and no noise!
1	even did while daughter sleep and quietus no noise!
1	even did while daughter and no noise!
1	even did while daughter and sleep no noise!
1	even did while daughter quietus and no noise!
1	tied did while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	did while daughter sleep and no noise!
1	did even while daughter sleep and no noise!
0	many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd DVD player . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't frolic on this dvd musician . 
0	of our disney do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	disney of our many movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't on this player . 
0	along many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
0	many of our disney movies do n't this on play dvd player . 
0	many of our disney pic do n't wreak on this dvd player . 
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is good and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	you a suite is not a good deal and all Sometimes headaches is a bundle of get.
0	Sometimes a entourage is not a good apportion and all you mother is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all stick you get is a non bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not angstrom a good deal and all ampere you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a right plow and all you amaze is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a is not a good deal and you get a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not of good deal and all you a is a bundle get headaches.
1	it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has lots features such as the calendar which like my outlook . 
1	of has lots it features which as the calendar such works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has administer of features such as the calendar which plant like my mind-set calendar . 
1	it has lots of features as the calendar which my outlook calendar . 
1	features has lots of it which as the calendar such works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has lots of features such as lookout the calendar muckle which works like my outlook calendar . 
1	it has plenty of features such as the calendar which bring like my mindset calendar . 
1	it has prospect lots of features such as the calendar which oeuvre works like my outlook calendar . 
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great boast .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a barrage great feature .
1	 The rechargeable adenine battery is a great feature .
1	 rechargeable battery is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a feature .
1	 The a battery is rechargeable great feature .
1	 The battery rechargeable is a great feature .
1	 The rechargeable battery is a keen feature .
1	the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems to play all other that it have put in i ( jpeg , kodak have 's and dvd-r ) i pic read formats reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling is this time at " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit feel seems to play all formats that photograph i leaf have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some unspoilt good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the whole seems to represent all formats that i have frame in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other revaluation and some undecomposed and soom not so dependable , but my flavor at this time is " II thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems to play all exposure formats that deuce i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and astatine dvd-r ) i have indeed read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems to play all formats that i put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and and soom not so , but my feeling at this " thumbs " ! 
1	the unit seems to manoeuvre all formats that i have couch in it ( jpeg , kodak picture 's and dvd-r ) i have read other recapitulation and some near and soom not so skillful , but my tone at this time is " two hitch up " ! 
1	the unit s reviews play kodak formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , all pic 'seems and dvd-r ) read have i other to and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	the unit seems to all formats that i have in it ( , kodak pic ' and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews good and not so good , my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
1	it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio pick and i can heed to music anytime . 
1	it fm radio option and i listen to music anytime . 
1	and has fm radio option it i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio medicine option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio option and i can FM listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio option and to can listen i music anytime . 
1	it has fm tuner alternative and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	it has fm radio option i can to music anytime . 
1	i 'm really happy with this purchase . 
1	i ' really happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm really happy glad with this purchase . 
1	i 'm really happy this purchase . 
1	i 'm really happy with this leverage . 
1	i 'm really happy felicitous with this purchase . 
1	i 'm really this with happy purchase . 
1	really 'm i happy with this purchase . 
1	i 'm truly happy with this purchase . 
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD THEIR DATE FOR TO SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR outmatch ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR ranking SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR date SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 SURPASSES I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR victor reasoned .
1	 I SURPASSES ANYTHING FAR 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING iodin I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size seduce makes holding it consistence steady for long a wind bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size finger enough it steady with long a bit of a challenge (not holding camera body to grip for more than your makes tips).
0	Its size makes holding a steady for long tips bit not it challenge (of enough camera body to grip with more than your finger a).
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a axerophthol bit of a challenge (not enough camera body fingerbreadth to non grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size form belongings it steadfast for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera consistency to grip with more than your finger topple).
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of challenge (not enough to grip more your finger tips).
0	Its size throw make it steady for yearn a fleck of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger steer).
0	Its makes holding it steady for long bit of challenge (not enough body to grip more than your finger tips).
1	definetely a great camera . 
1	definetely a capital camera . 
1	great a definetely camera . 
1	definetely camera great a . 
1	definetely a swell camera . 
1	definetely a great . 
1	definetely great camera . 
1	definetely axerophthol a great camera . 
1	definetely a great camera . 
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	peachy camera , i have been using this for several months and got splendid results , simple friendly usage , in many scene indoor , outdoor , snowfall , conclusion up macro etc. 
1	great , i have been using this for several months got excellent results , friendly usage , in scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have usage many this for several months and got excellent results , friendly simple been , in using scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have using this for several months and excellent results , simple friendly , in many scenes indoor , , snow , up macro etc. 
1	bully camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent effect , simple friendly usage , in many aspect indoor , outdoor , Snow , closely up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have been using this for resolution several months and got excellent results , simple inwards friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up blow macro etc. 
1	great camera , coke i have been make using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes fold indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months many got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in and etc up , outdoor , snow , close indoor macro scenes. 
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	Koran the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone Book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is fantabulous . 
1	the phone is book very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone is very user-friendly and speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone book user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is rattling excellent . 
1	the call Word is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its feeble points is the MMC slot emplacement and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points fleck is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	the its weak points is Among MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points is MMC location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points the MMC slot and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points is the MMC design location and a bit vague slot.
0	Among its weak points is the be MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot localization and a number vague design.
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have angstrom introduced a player that can look the amp Ipod straight in the eye and not entirely flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than look marketing, they have introduced player a that can excessive not Ipod straight in the eye and the flinch.  
1	By quality rather than marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not.  
1	By focusing exclusively eye on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced eyeball a IN player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
1	By focusing exclusively quality than excessive marketing, they introduced a player can look the Ipod straight in eye and not flinch.  
1	aside focusing exclusively on quality rather than inordinate selling, they have insert a player that can look the Ipod consecutive in the eye and not flinch.  
1	By a exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they Ipod introduced focusing player that can look the have eye in the straight and not flinch.  
1	By focalisation solely on quality rather than exuberant market, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the center and not flinch.  
0	my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	my large complaint is the battery living or lack there of . 
0	my biggest complaint is the battery there or lack life of . 
0	my biggest complaint is the there life or lack battery of . 
0	my boastful complaint is the battery aliveness or lack there of . 
0	my biggest complaint is Oregon the battery life or lack there of . 
0	my complaint is the battery life lack there of . 
0	my biggest is battery life or lack there of . 
0	my biggest complaint is the battery life spirit or lack there of . 
1	Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been great and have occasions my bacon on numerous saved.
1	Their products have been bang-up and have save my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been great and have saved my on occasions.
1	Their products have been bully and have deliver my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their possess products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	products Their have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been great have saved bacon on numerous occasions.
1	Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous nifty occasions.
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow download and run programs Wish you best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and footrace certain programs Wish you the skillful and hope my retrospect helped !
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish sealed you the best and play hope my review helped !
0	 to download and run Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs you Wish the my and hope best review helped !
0	 Slow to download and melt certain program Wish you the unspoiled and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow Wish download and certain run programs to you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to compliments download and run certain programs Wish you curriculum the best and hope my review helped !
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another great -- to operate , crashes frequently , my music library up , work with mp4s , the list goes on on 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my cheat music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , package the list goes on and extend on 
0	d ) software is another with misfortune -- hard to on , crashes frequently , screwed my music library and , doesnt work great mp4s , the list goes on up operate 
0	d ) software music another great my -- hard to frequently , crashes operate , screwed misfortune is library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- to , crashes frequently , my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , list on and on 
0	d ) software is another capital misfortune -- unvoiced to operate , crashes oft , screwed my medicine library up , doesnt cultivate with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music die library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list cholecalciferol goes on and on 
0	d ) software is another heavy misfortune -- gruelling to operate , crashes frequently , chicane my music library up , doesnt mold with mp4s , the list sound on and on 
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been improbably happy with this camera.
1	I've been happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy camera this with.
1	I've been incredibly happy with implausibly this camera.
1	I've been fantastically happy with this camera.
1	I've been with happy incredibly this camera.
1	I've been equal incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy with this.
1	While I'm not too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	given I'm to more keen on their customer service (none mouth the products I have from Creative Micro While me issues), I can of recommend the Zen have for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed not do and too...without needing any definitely the extra hype except word of of.  
1	While I'm not too keen their customer service (none of the products I from Creative have given me), I can definitely recommend the Zen for simple fact that it what it is supposed do and more...without needing any of the hype of mouth.  
1	While I'm not keen their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative given me issues), can definitely Zen for the simple fact that it exactly what it is supposed to do and more... needing any of the hype except of mouth.  
1	While I'm not get too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that ask it does definitely exactly what it is supposed disposed to do and more...without needing any emphatically of the extra hype except word ballyhoo of mouth.  
1	While I'm not too penetrative on their customer service (none of the products 1 have from originative have establish me publication), I can definitely recommend the pane Micro for the bare fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without want any of the redundant hype omit word of utter.  
1	While I'm not too lament on their customer help (none of the intersection iodin have from Creative have hand me consequence), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the mere fact that it does precisely what it is presuppose to do and more...without necessitate any of the extra hype except word of utter.  
1	While I'm not too any the their customer hype (none of the products I have from Creative have keen definitely issues), I can me recommend simple Zen Micro for on the fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing given of the extra service except word of mouth.  
1	return While I'm not too keen tush on their customer service (none of the products I have unproblematic from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro patch for the simple fact that it does exactly client what it is supposed to do and more...without needing Maine any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	it for what i do use but is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it is double-dyed . 
1	iodin but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do expend it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it perfect . 
1	for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i stark do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what do i use it is perfect . 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it date . 
1	just bought one & date 've enjoyed it to i . 
1	just bought one & i 'scarcely ve enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've savor it to date . 
1	just bought one & to 've enjoyed it i date . 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed simply it to date . 
1	just bought 1 & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	build quality feels solid , it does shake or whine while discs , and picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound ) . 
1	discs build quality feels solid , it does dts shake or whine while playing the , and the picture and sound is top notch ( n't both and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality form feels solid , it composition does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top piece notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the shingle build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , OR and the picture single and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing record , and the picture and effectual is top notch ( both dts and dd5.ane wakeless unspoiled ) . 
1	the build solid feels quality , it does and top or whine while playing discs , and the picture n't sound is shake notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , does n't shake or whine discs , and picture and sound is top ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the make quality feels solid , it does n't waggle or whine while flirt disc , and the picture and sound is elevation notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally fix it working, it only operate properly for many a month.
0	When I finally cause it run, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally got it working, month only worked properly for many a it.
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many.
0	When I last finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally got working, only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I working got it finally, it only worked properly for many a month.
0	When I finally right got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy use to.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy live to use.
1	There is no odor utilize and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no odor and exceedingly easy to use.
1	There is no odor to extremely easy and use.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to.
1	There is no odor and extremely slow to use.
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
1	was I more excited the this player upon opening than I was about about Nomad.  
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening represent than I was More about the Nomad.  
1	I was more this player upon opening than I about the Nomad.  
1	iodine was more emotional about this actor upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening more than I More was about the Nomad.  
1	I was more excited about this upon than I was the Nomad.  
1	I was more stimulate about this instrumentalist upon porta than I was about the Nomad.  
1	more was I excited about this player upon opening than I the about was Nomad.  
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	's not listed feature but , the one thing the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's that thing listed feature but , the one is not sold the unit a that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold that unit plays the it is mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the MPEG unit is that number it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a listed feature wager but , the one thing that sold the unit is IT that it plays mpeg video . 
1	it 's not a list feature but , the peerless thing that sold the unit is that it spiel mpeg TV . 
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the ane thing that sell the unit is that it trifle mpeg television . 
1	's a listed feature but , one thing that sold the unit is that it plays video . 
1	I never get dropped calls.
1	I never get dropped squall calls.
1	I get dropped calls.
1	I calls get dropped never.
1	I never dropped calls.
1	I never contract get dropped calls.
1	I never get drop calls.
1	I ne'er get dropped calls.
1	I never dropped get calls.
1	the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
1	the menu allows you to search for files by artist , easy genre , and album well quite easily . 
1	the and allows you genre search for files by artist , to , menu album quite easily . 
1	the menu leave you to lookup for files by artist , genre , and album rather easily . 
1	the menu allows you to search for register files by artist , genre , and album quite lodge easily . 
1	the menu tolerate you to look for files by artist , genre , and album rather easily . 
1	the allows to search for files by artist , , and album quite easily . 
1	the allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and easily . 
1	the menu by you to search for files easily artist , genre , and album quite allows . 
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	I were many times when There clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	There were many times cluck when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	were many times when I clicked automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and zero befall. 
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and naught bechance. 
0	There were many times I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing. 
0	There were many times when I there clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	There were many times when I clicked the shutter automatic and nothing happens. 
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no talker grill to pass any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to any protection to driver .
0	 There is no talker grill to propose any protection to the driver .
0	 There the no speaker grill to offer any protection to is driver .
0	 the is no speaker grill to offer any protection to There driver .
0	 There is no grill to offer any protection to the .
0	 There is no thither speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is there no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
1	for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the is it price a well spent investment ! 
1	for the price it is a comfortably spent investment ! 
1	the price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for it price the is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the terms it is a well spent investment ! 
1	IT for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	for the price considerably it is a well spent investment ! 
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while at bit very a first, is confusing easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The subsequently interface, while a bit confusing at first, is real very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit at, is very easy to navigate after about minutes.  
1	The interface, while bit to confusing at first, is very easy a navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit fuddle at kickoff, is very easily to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at firstly, is very light to navigate after about 15 mo.  
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, very navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is later very easy to navigate after astir about 15 minutes.  
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 Setup was very .
1	 Setup was very setup easy .
1	 Setup was very well-situated .
1	 Setup very easy .
1	 was Setup very easy .
1	 frame-up was very easy .
1	 Setup was personify very easy .
1	 Setup was easy very .
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this player several months and it reads discs , but it would not discs that were clean and on other ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	2 've and this player for several months and it reads most discs , but that would not recognize several discs it were clean had read on other players ( from friends season i ) . 
0	i 've had this actor for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not spot various discs that were houseclean and read on other players ( from friends flavor two ) . 
0	i 'most had this and for several months and it reads ve from , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean player read on other players ( discs friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this actor for respective months and it reads most discs , but it would not discern several discs that were sporty and understand on other players ( from supporter season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads merely most discs , but it merely would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( disc from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this player platter for several months and it reads most discs , but it would unity not recognize several discs that were clean and read early on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads most , but it recognize several discs were clean and on players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not appear so sharp and seventeen vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on non my 17 " monitor . 
0	my pictures are ( not so sharp and vivid ) on 27 " screen but not as clear as when i view them on my " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my XVII 27 " screen but watch seem not as clear as when i view them on look my 17 " monitor . 
0	my pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " but seem not as clear as when i them on " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem view as clear as when i not them on 17 my " monitor . 
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( view so them and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i not my on sharp 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg characterisation are viewable ( not so penetrative and vivid ) on my 27 " sort but seem not as pass as when i survey them on my 17 " monitor . 
0	my jpeg visualize are viewable ( not so needlelike and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clearly as when i sentiment them on my 17 " admonisher . 
1	you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can move the focus anywhere to scene range in the almost with the would of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus that mode push be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can move the focus range AN to almost agitate anywhere in the scene with the push mechanically of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that indium is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can move the range to almost anywhere in the scene with push of button , and it an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting scene that tough automatically . 
1	you can move the focus range to scene with the push of a button , and it has an focus mode would be really helpful if a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can displace the sharpen rate to almost anywhere in the setting with the crowd of a button , and it has an on-screen manual center mode that would be really helpful if photograph a scene that is tough to automatically centre . 
1	you can mechanically move the focus range to almost anywhere mechanically in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that truly would be really mechanically helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can move has focus range that almost anywhere focus the scene with the push of a button , helpful it the an on-screen manual in mode that would be really and if shooting a scene to is tough to automatically focus . 
1	you can move the concentrate place to almost anywhere in the scene with the advertize of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focussing manner that would be really helpful if shooting a shot that is strong-armer to automatically focalise . 
1	Also, with one click you can help train your spam killer.
1	Also, with spam click you can help train your one killer.
1	Also, with one flick you can help gear your spam killer.
1	Also, your one click you can help train with spam killer.
1	Also, with one click you train your spam killer.
1	Also, with one click you can help train your spam helper killer.
1	Also, with one click you can unmatched help train your spam killer.
1	Also, with one chink you can avail train your spam killer.
1	Also, one click you can help your spam killer.
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very csr , and again -- they do have pretty good hard 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying hard , and -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have induce pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is seek trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr ' . 
1	t-mobile is trying very strong , and again -- they do have pretty skilful csr 's . 
1	t-mobile have trying very hard , and again -- they do is pretty good csr 's . 
1	t-mobile is nerve-wracking very hard , and again -- they do have pretty goodness csr 's . 
0	the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
0	the little jog dial it weak and quirky a i hope i do n't figure out and way to break seems . 
0	the little jog dial weak and quirky i hope i do n't figure a to break it . 
0	the little jog dial seems weak and ane quirky one and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
0	the little jog seems weak and quirky and i hope i n't figure out a way break . 
0	the little jog dial seems weak lope and quirky and i hope i petty do n't figure out a way to break it . 
0	the little jog dial seem weak and quirky and i hope i do n't digit out a mode to break-dance it . 
0	i little it dial seems weak and quirky and the hope i do n't figure out a way to break jog . 
0	the little jog dial look weak and quirky and i trust i do n't form out a way to give it . 
1	The sound is amazing. 
1	sound is amazing. 
1	The good sound is amazing. 
1	astound The sound is amazing. 
1	The sound is nonplus. 
1	The sound amazing. 
1	The is sound amazing. 
1	amazing sound is The. 
1	The go is amazing. 
0	The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The little bag comes is cheap and useless.  
0	loud The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
0	The slight bag it comes with is sleazy and useless.  
0	The little bag it comes useless is cheap and with.  
0	The little bag it comes with is cheap bagful and useless.  
0	The little bag it with is cheap useless.  
0	The piddling bag it comes with is loud and useless.  
0	The little bag and comes with is cheap it useless.  
1	As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it turns out, an is this awesome camera! 
1	awesome it turns out, this is an As camera! 
1	As it round out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	As it turns out, this is an camera! 
1	As it turns out, this is an amazing camera! 
1	As it turns out, this is an wrench awesome camera! 
1	As wrick it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these participant for christmas empower , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , both bad . 
0	i purchased two of these players Christmas for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased empower two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of these players for Christmastide giving , and both were bad . 
0	i and two of these players for christmas gifts , purchased both were bad . 
0	i purchased two of christmas players for these gifts , and both were bad . 
0	i two of these for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and small from excellent when it comes to crazycellphone games , graphics and ringtones and www.downloading.com 
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes downloading games , graphics and ringtones.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice excellent small and and when it comes to downloading games , crazycellphone and ringtones from www.graphics.com 
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes download to downloading games , graphics and ringtones modest from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and small and excellent artwork when WWW it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and diminished and excellent when it do to downloading games , artwork and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	skillful and small and excellent when it fare to downloading game , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	nice and small excellent when it comes downloading games , graphics and from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
1	when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit how the screen is . 
1	when i turned the on , the first thing that hit me is good screen is . 
1	me the turned i phone on , the first thing that hit when is how good the screen is . 
1	when i turned the headphone on , the firstly thing that hit me is how adept the screen is . 
1	when i turned the phone affair on , the first thing that hit me is sour how good the screen is . 
1	when i turned the phone the , on first thing good hit me is how that the screen is . 
1	ace when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me call is how good the screen is . 
1	when i plough the phone on , the offset thing that hit me is how good the concealment is . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	unit was working fine for 1st month and a half and the color signal disappeared . 
0	this signal half working fine for the 1st month and a was and then the color unit disappeared . 
0	this unit was working fine for disappeared and month and a half 1st then the color signal the . 
0	this unit was working delicately for the 1st month and a half and then the colorise signal vanish . 
0	this first unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then so the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was first working fine for the 1st month and a half and influence then the color signal disappeared . 
0	unit working fine for the 1st month a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was operative delicately for the 1st month and a half and then the color signaling disappeared . 
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton sustain online support does not even acknowledge this maintain problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online does not this problem nor the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer computer that preloaded new on our it company.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem it does the computer on that preloaded nor company our new computer.
0	Norton online support does not this problem nor does the computer that preloaded it on our new.
0	Norton online accompaniment does not even acknowledge this trouble nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our young calculator.
0	Norton on-line reinforcement does not level acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our unexampled computer.
0	Norton online stand support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded non it on our new computer.
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus are a plus this camera . 
1	very intuitive are a plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus are a summation big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive fare are a braggy plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus heavy are a big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive are menus a big plus on this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus on a big plus are this camera . 
1	very intuitive menus are a braggart summation on this camera . 
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's their won't you fault get charged, but are THEY the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say it's fault you won't get charged, THEY are the ones who to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure arrive they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their WHO fault.
0	Sure they aver if it's their fault you won't have point, but THEY are the ones who get to adjudicate whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they who if it's their fault you won't get charged, but to are the ones say get THEY decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if shoot it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get shift to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to whether it's their.
0	Sure they order if it's their fault you won't induce charged, but THEY are the ones who acquire to decide whether it's their demerit.
1	downloads are a snap and quick . 
1	downloads a snap and quick . 
1	downloads snap a are and quick . 
1	downloads are a shot and quick . 
1	downloads quick a snap and are . 
1	downloads prompt are a snap and quick . 
1	downloads are a snap and amp quick . 
1	downloads are a and quick . 
1	downloads are a shoot and quick . 
1	the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe flash sophisticated allowed to me buy and use a attachment flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe convolute flash attachment allowed me to buy and horseshoe use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the to shoe flash attachment allowed me sophisticated buy and use a hot flash unit : 
1	the hot horseshoe dash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated swank unit : 
1	the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use fanfare a sophisticated affixation flash unit : 
1	the live shoe gaudy attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated blink unit : 
1	hot shoe allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
1	the hot shoe flash attachment me to buy and use a flash : 
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we roll wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(regular wrap them nice and tight) *we use our we kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wind them nice and tight) *we practice our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and our) *we use tight regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we roll them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen wish-wash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *gracious we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we our regular kitchen bags--cheap!
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	However, it needs to be to quiet for it quite work at all -- dosn't work at all the in car, for example.
0	However, the needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all for it car, in example.
0	yet, it demand to be quite silence for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for exemplar.
0	astatine However, it needs to follow be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	withal, it want to be quite quiet for it to cultivate at all -- dosn't run at all in the car, for example.
0	However, needs to be quite for it to at all -- dosn't work at in the car, for example.
0	However, it needs to quite quiet it work at all -- dosn't work at in the car, for example.
0	However, it needs to be quite function quiet for it altogether to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken over 16 and run.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me foremost over 16 hours function to install and run.
0	Back in taken I, when 2004 first reviewed this, it had May me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	game in May 2004, when ane commencement reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and bunk.
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had hours me over 16 taken to and install run.
0	Back in May 2004, when move I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours hour to install and run.
0	Back in May 2004, when first this, it had me over 16 hours to install and.
0	hind in May 2004, when I outset reviewed this, it had demand me over 16 hours to install and work.
1	 The USB port on the back is a nice feature .
1	 USB port on the back is a nice .
1	 The USB embrasure on the hinder is a nice feature .
1	 port on the back is a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the back is boast a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the back is overnice a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the backbone is a courteous feature .
1	 The USB port the on back is a nice feature .
1	 The USB port on the back feature a nice is .
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is lot a for this price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom range a lot for this price is . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this comprise price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom a lot for this price . 
1	9 3x built-in optical terms zoom is a lot for this price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a luck for this price rove . 
1	9 3x built-in visual zoom is a mickle for this price range . 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a for this range . 
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great product .
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much connective quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this supersede makes for a practically great product .
1	 Connection combined to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much makes than the router I replaced , and when speed with product simplicity of the Valet Plus , this quicker for a great the .
1	 speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than router I , when combined with the simplicity of Valet Plus , this for a great product .
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines appear awesome - much quicker than the router single replaced , and when combined with the ease of the Valet Plus , this cause for a majuscule ware .
1	 Connection speed man to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much exchange quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great gentleman product .
1	 Connection router to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much a than the speed I replaced , and when combined with the for of the Valet Plus , this makes simplicity quicker great product .
1	 speed other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I , and when combined with the simplicity the Valet Plus , this makes for a product .
1	 association speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much spry than the router one replaced , and when combined with the chasteness of the Valet Plus , this constitute for a majuscule product .
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life post seems to be on the short side but adequate for most living situations . 
0	2 the battery to be on the short side but for most situations . 
0	battery life to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	II the battery liveliness seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situation . 
0	2 the battery life seems for the on be short side but adequate to most situations . 
0	deuce the battery liveliness seems to be on the inadequate side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems adequate short on the be side but to for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the only short side equal but adequate for most situations . 
1	The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk. 
1	stand that comes is very useful to prop it up on the desk. 
1	The stand that comes it is useful prop it up on the desk. 
1	The standpoint that amount with it is very utile to prop it up on the desk. 
1	The fend that seed with it is very useful to shore it up on the desk. 
1	The stand that comes with it follow is very useful to prop upwardly it up on the desk. 
1	The stand that comes with it is very useful to really prop it up on rattling the desk. 
1	prop stand that up with it is very useful to The it comes on the desk. 
1	The stand that comes with it prop very to useful is it up on the desk. 
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have and even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands n't they are hard over knock to .
0	 I have n't even the carpet tacks that came with the stands and hard knock over .
0	 I n't used the carpet tacks came with the stands they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't evening used the carpet flip-flop that came with the tolerate and they are backbreaking to knock over .
0	 stimulate I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard tap to knock over .
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they eventide are hard to carpeting knock over .
0	 I have n't even used the they carpet tacks came with the stands and that are hard to knock over .
0	 ane have n't still employ the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to bash over .
0	controls are a bit awkward . 
0	controls are a snatch awkward . 
0	controls are piece a bit awkward . 
0	bit are a controls awkward . 
0	are a bit awkward . 
0	master are a bit awkward . 
0	are controls a bit awkward . 
0	controls a bit awkward . 
0	inapt controls are a bit awkward . 
1	i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was able of take great got of the 4th sparklers july fire works , and photos some amazing shots of the kids playing with to . 
1	i was able to carry great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and induce some stupefy stroke of the kids playing with ice . 
1	venture i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and photograph got some amazing shots of the kids playing guessing with sparklers . 
1	i was able to run take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , photo and got some amazing capable shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was able to issue great photos of the quaternary of july fire works , and contract some amazing dig of the kids run with sparklers . 
1	i was able to take photos of the 4th of fire , and got amazing shots of the kids with sparklers . 
1	i was able fire and great photos of the 4th of july to works , got take some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
1	i was able to take photos the 4th of july fire , and got some amazing the kids playing with sparklers . 
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. single blaspheme, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my calculator with my barren, bleeding handwriting, I would have.
0	I hands hate Symantec. I swear, if software could have physically ripped bleeding I out of my computer with my bare, that simply, I would have.
0	I simply Symantec. I, if I could physically ripped out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	I ace simply hate Symantec. I swear, if bleak I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my hold bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	I simply hate Symantec. swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I.
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, have I could I would ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, have physically if.
0	one simply hatred Symantec. 1 swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding workforce, single would have.
0	I induce simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have reckoner physically kayoed ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	After a recent, I can no longer open more then browser window.
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then farsighted 1 browser window.
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then so 1 browser window.
0	After a recent update, I no longer open then 1 browser window.
0	After a recent update, can I no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	afterwards a recent update, I can no foresightful open more then 1 browser window.
0	After a recent update, I can no longer unfold more then ace browser window.
0	After a open update, I can no longer recent more then 1 browser window.
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied are better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied phone headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than bud the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	hands-down supplied headphones are The better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are the better than hands-down mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better the mediocre buds. 
1	The supply headphones are hands-down proficient than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	The cater headphones are hands-down adept than the mediocre iPod buds. 
0	got way too many blurry pictures . 
0	too way got many blurry pictures . 
0	got way too many blurry blurred pictures . 
0	got way too many blurry envision . 
0	way got too many blurry pictures . 
0	got way too many blurry . 
0	got way too blurry pictures . 
0	got way too many blurry impression . 
0	got way too many blurry also pictures . 
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	 let n't setup any encourage features , but the bespeak strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with one-time router .
1	 Have n't setup any advanced old , signal the but strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with features router .
1	 Have n't about setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I whatever had with old router .
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , the but signal strength and with are roughly twice what I had speed old router .
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , the and speed are twice what I had with old router .
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , rush but doubly the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	 Have n't advanced features , but signal strength and speed are twice what I had with old router .
1	 make n't setup any sophisticated have , but the signal strength and hotfoot are roughly twice what I had with old router .
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall is a good camera a ' really good ' picture clarity ; exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' genuinely expert ' picture uncloudedness ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this a is good camera with clarity ' really good ' picture a ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this amp is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an snap exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	overall this is a good camera a ' really good ' picture clarity ; exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' dependable picture clarity ; just an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	but overall this is a dependable camera with a ' really good ' see clarity ; an exceptional close-up photograph capability . 
1	but overall shooting is really good camera with a ' a good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up this capability . 
1	but canon never fails to amaze . 
1	but canon never fails to perplex . 
1	but canon never fails beat to amaze . 
1	but canon amaze fails to never . 
1	but canon never fails to go amaze . 
1	but canon never fails to . 
1	but canon never fails to stupefy . 
1	but canon never fails amaze . 
1	fails canon never but to amaze . 
1	The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The do camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable upstanding the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs, takes good pictures, the battery lasts long you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	the camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery you pretty long if lasts disable The LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera, performs well, good pictures, and the lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs well, take respectable see, and the barrage lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is solid, performs well, proceeds good project, and the battery go moderately long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera good solid, performs well, takes is pictures, and the battery lasts disable long if you pretty the LCD viewfinder.
1	The camera is recollective solid, performs finder well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty merely for all but pros , and you will not non be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels all plenty for is but pros , and with will not be disappointed you the results of this camera . 
1	iv megapixels is muckle for all but pros , and you will not be discomfited with the leave of this camera . 
1	foursome megapixels is muckle for all but pros , and you will not be defeated with the consequence of this camera . 
1	megapixels plenty for all but pros , and you not be disappointed with the of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and constitute you will slew not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for of but pros , and this will not be disappointed with the all results you camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty all but pros , and you will not disappointed with the of camera . 
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think dispatch the Zen Micro comparable is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was stand-up Creative Micro a home run here, and I think the Zen is hit more like a hoping double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was skip Creative tally a home run here, and I think the dot Micro is more like a stand-up two-bagger.  
1	eball metaphor: i was hoping Creative hit a home work here, and unity think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up repeat.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit guide a home run here, and I think the More Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I the Zen Micro is more like stand-up double.  
1	metaphor: I hoping hit home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I is hoping Creative hit a double run here, and I think the Zen Micro was more like a stand-up home.  
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it toot .
0	 However , when you unplug the it beeps .
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it beep .
0	 However , when beeps unplug the computer it you .
0	 notwithstanding However , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 However , when you unplug the computer disconnect it beeps .
0	 However , when you the computer it beeps .
0	 However , when you computer the unplug it beeps .
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	are n't best , but you can really expect out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the sound , but you can really ask much out of the small headphone you insert in the pinna cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the out , but you can really expect much cavity of the small headphones you insert in ear the best . 
0	In the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones auricle you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect the out insert the small headphones you of in much ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't best , but can really expect much out of the small you insert in the ear . 
0	the IN headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the In small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the earpiece are n't the advantageously , but you can really await much out of the belittled headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
1	THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT IS personify A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT IS A lifesaver!!
1	THIS PRODUCT IS LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT IS lifesaver A LIFESAVER!!
1	LIFESAVER PRODUCT IS A THIS!!
1	PRODUCT THIS IS A LIFESAVER!!
1	THIS PRODUCT constitute A LIFESAVER!!
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	pretty i agree the earbuds are yeah crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i I agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty middling crap , replace them . 
0	i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , them . 
0	yeah i match the earbuds are pretty turd , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty dirt , supplant them . 
0	yeah i the earbuds are pretty crap , replace . 
0	yeah i agree replace earbuds are pretty crap , the them . 
1	I am very pleased with my purchase.
1	I am very with my purchase.
1	iodine am very pleased with my purchase.
1	with am very pleased I my purchase.
1	I am very pleased my purchase.
1	unity am very pleased with my purchase.
1	I one am very pleased with my purchase.
1	I with very pleased am my purchase.
1	I am very pleased with cost my purchase.
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games gage on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of upright games on it.
0	 have Doesn't alot of good games on it.
0	 have alot of good games on it.
0	 of have alot Doesn't good games on it.
0	 Doesn't IT have alot of good games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of salutary games on it.
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games on.
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	) doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you something that has the asthetics bit down , course 
0	f ) it doesnt tone jolly -- outlay this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics flake down , of course 
0	f ) it doesnt look -- spending this kind cash , you want that has asthetics bit down , of course 
0	f ) it spending look pretty -- doesnt kind you of cash , this want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	course ) it this look pretty -- spending doesnt kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of f 
0	F ) it doesnt expect pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics morsel down , of flow 
0	f ) IT it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you track want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	IT f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want IT something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
1	It was also the most appealing.   
1	It was most the also appealing.   
1	It was also the most invoke.   
1	IT It was also the most appealing.   
1	It was attract also the most appealing.   
1	It was also appealing most the.   
1	It also the most appealing.   
1	It was also the most attract.   
1	It was also the appealing.   
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the syllabus Firewall Program broadcast configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet cultivate is if iodine undefended the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way firewall my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and form manually refresh it.
0	The only means my pc internet go is if I candid the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet works if the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only open my pc internet works is if I way the Firewall Program configuration and it refresh manually.
0	The only way my pc the works is manually I open internet Firewall Program configuration and if refresh it.
0	The only way pc internet works is if open Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
1	 am so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 bribe am so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am follow so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am camera glad I bought this so. 
1	 so glad I bought this camera. 
1	 am so glad I bought this. 
1	 am so glad I bribe this camera. 
1	 am so glad I buy this camera. 
1	 am so glad I camera this bought. 
1	This makes for a great phone.
1	This makes phone a great for.
1	This induce for a great phone.
1	ring This makes for a great phone.
1	axerophthol This makes for a great phone.
1	This makes for a phone.
1	This draw for a great phone.
1	This makes for great phone.
1	This great for a makes phone.
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 want you If a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality production , delivered on time , bargain this one .
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy .
1	 If you want ware a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality product , bear on time , buy this ace .
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered buy time , on this one .
1	 If you want a quality product , A delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 you want a quality product , delivered on , buy this one .
1	it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really is awesome camera that hard to for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that moderate to hard beat for general-to is snapping . 
1	it really is an moderate camera snapping is hard to beat for general-to awesome that . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is firmly to thump for general-to moderate tear . 
1	it truly is an awesome camera that is heavily to baffle for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really IT is an awesome camera that is hard IT to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is soften hard to beat comprise for general-to moderate snapping . 
1	it is an camera that is hard to beat for moderate snapping . 
0	but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but when went to use it again , there was sound but no . 
0	but when we blend to use it again , there was reasoned but no picture . 
0	but we went to use it again , there was sound no picture . 
0	but when we went to use picture again , there was sound but no it . 
0	but when we perish to use it again , there was go but no picture . 
0	but when we went to use it again , there was show sound but no picture . 
0	we when but went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	but No when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the levelheaded is so nappy and clear and I would stillness purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than so the sound is that crisp and clear and all would still purchase this I over again .
1	 Other than that former the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase whole this all over again .
1	 Other than that the is crisp and clear and I would purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the good is so crisp and exonerate and i would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would this all again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp curt and clear and I would still purchase this all concluded over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is again still and clear and I would crisp purchase this all over so .
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	make handles The it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles realise it very comfortable to use and I experience slight vibration.
1	handles make it comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and IT I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to cook use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to and experience little vibration.
1	The comfortable make it very handles to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The manage make it very comfortable to utilize and I experience little vibration.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was Uninstall trouble able NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no to.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able pro to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 WA with no trouble.
1	1Ghz 512MB RDRAM XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM windowpane XP Pro 80GB HD  one was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install nickel 2004 with no perturb.
1	Uninstall 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro HD 80GB  I was able to PIII NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall nobelium NIS 2003 and Install nickel NIS 2004 with no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows 80GB HD  I was able Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 no trouble.
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP pro 80GB HD  one was able to Uninstall nickel 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no disquiet.
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is unmatchable more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that derive with it for processing bare-assed ikon ( i only sprout in crude image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which give me 130 tender project , as contradict to septenary ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that fare with it for treat bare-ass visualise ( i only photograph in bare-ass prototype mode and the foremost thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte CF , which dedicate me 130 sensitive images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it seven for processing raw images ( i only shoot buck in raw image mode and the first thing i affair did sole was replace the 32 mbyte cf WA with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , exclusive as opposed to 7 ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about g3 and the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the mbyte cf a 512 mbyte , which me 130 images , as 7 ! 
0	now there is one complaint i have about the g3 that is the software that comes with it for processing raw ( i only shoot raw image mode and the thing i did replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which me , as opposed to ! 
0	now there is one more complaint i have More about one the g3 axerophthol and that I is the software that comes with solely it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as package opposed to 7 ! 
0	there now is one more complaint i have i the g3 and that is the software that thing with it for processing raw images ( about which shoot in raw raw mode and the first comes i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a mbyte 512 cf , only gives me 130 image images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	and there raw one more complaint i have about the g3 mbyte that is the software that comes with it for processing is images ( i only shoot in opposed image mode now the first i thing 7 was replace the 32 and cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as raw to did ! 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A expression 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this nowadays little camera adenine produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera, such great pics, it even brings pimples the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , such the this SD500, pimples amazing, how this little camera produces, and great pics, it even brings out ur its on now face. 
1	and have its Canon A pimples , I now this SD500, a amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur 70 on the face. 
1	I have a Canon angstrom 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this fiddling camera produces, such majuscule movie, it even brings out ur pimples on the typeface. 
1	I have a Canon 70 , and SD500, its amazing, how this camera produces, such great, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	one have a Canon angstrom 70 , and now this SD500, its get, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it regular brings out ur pimples on the grimace. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its axerophthol amazing, how this make little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the canyon face. 
1	It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	It took me about an hour to problems up a wireless environment in her townhouse and any hasn't called me yet with she set. 
1	It get me about an minute to circle up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't promise me yet with any problems. 
1	It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with drive any nevertheless problems. 
1	took about an hour to set a wireless environment in her townhouse she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	It direct me about an hr to prepare up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't phone me yet with any problems. 
1	It took me direct about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't claim called me yet with any problems. 
1	It took me me an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and called hasn't she about yet with any problems. 
1	It took me about hour set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and hasn't me yet with any problems. 
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	constitute my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my favorite thing about the affair nomad is the eax feature . 
1	the favorite thing about the nomad is my eax feature . 
1	my favorite thing about the is the feature . 
1	my thing about the is the eax feature . 
1	my favorite thing about the nomad feature the eax is . 
1	my preferent thing about the nomad is the eax characteristic . 
1	my deary thing about the nomad is the eax characteristic . 
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 unity am disappointed in this product .
0	 disappointed am I in this product .
0	 I am disappointed in product .
0	 equal I am disappointed in this product .
0	 this am disappointed in I product .
0	 I MA am disappointed in this product .
0	 I disappointed in this product .
0	 I am disappointed in this merchandise .
0	On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	On the downside, I think the takes some used to and Zen software !
0	On the, I think interface some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	I the downside, On the the interface takes some getting used to and think Zen software !
0	software the downside, think I the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen On !
0	On the downside, ane think the interface read some draw used to and the Zen software !
0	On the exploited downside, I think the interface superman takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	On the downside, I reckon the interface takings some baffle used to and the Zen software !
0	about On the downside, I conduct think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other problem was that security for the connexion wireless connection.  
0	The only other problem was that certificate for the tuner connection.  
0	The only other wireless was that security for the problem connection.  
0	The problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other problem was that security for the wireless surety connection.  
0	The only other was that for the wireless connection.  
0	The only other problem was that surety for the radiocommunication connection.  
0	The only other problem for that security was the wireless connection.  
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has manoeuver substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting draw . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting maneuver . 
1	owner 's manual has troubleshooting substandard guide . 
1	owner 's manual substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard guide . 
1	owner 'troubleshooting manual has substandard s guide . 
1	owner 'mho s manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to xxxviii do long talks conveniently , US lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option admit us to do yearn talks conveniently , lying on love &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	speakerphone option us to do talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows 38 to do long talks conveniently , lying on us &#bed; phone lying by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do long conveniently , lying bed &#38; phone lying your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option let us to do foresighted talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone dwell by your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us phone do long talks by , lying on bed &#38; to lying conveniently your pillowside . 
1	its speakerphone along option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; sing phone lying by your pillowside . 
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, whack strap, font, or anything would be squeamish, but nope... Moveable parts-- This clear me almost want to observe my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable function, its well-situated to hurt an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; notation the iPod Mini doesn't have movable percentage and is wee-wee of titanium.
0	No inbox would An arm a, belt strap, case, or anything accessories-- more nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep 4th 3rd moveable over strap my; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is of be casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have gen parts and is made for titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm would, titanium damage, case, or anything strap be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to strap an iPod at a this, so gym is for more casual listeners; of the doesn't Mini iPod have moveable parts and is made note belt.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap,, case, or would nice, but nope... parts-- This makes me almost to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, easy to an iPod at gym, so for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have parts and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, be or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- let This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at type a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note follow the iPod Mini function doesn't have moveable parts slow and is made of titanium.
0	No inbox An arm strap, belt, case, anything be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage iPod a gym, so this is for more listeners; note the Mini have parts and is made titanium.
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm trounce, belt lash, sheath, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This shuffling me almost deficiency to continue my 3rd gen over a 4th; with transferrable office, its slowly to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; mention the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable start and is realize of titanium.
0	angstrom No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be Oregon nice, but nope... fortify Moveable subdivision parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its thence easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and More is made of titanium.
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that ane have heel above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that I above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	that Everything I have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything let that I have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that ane have name above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that I More have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
1	Everything that I have listed above, the, and more. 
1	Everything above I have listed that, the Zen has, and more. 
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
0	i have ice senesce and it keeps notification me no disc . 
0	No i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
0	i have meth age and it retain telling me no disc . 
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no record disc . 
0	i have ice and it keeps telling me no . 
0	disc have ice age and it keeps telling me no i . 
0	i have ice me and it keeps telling age no disc . 
0	i have ice and it keeps telling no disc . 
1	the prints are beautiful ! 
1	prints the are beautiful ! 
1	the prints are constitute beautiful ! 
1	the mark are beautiful ! 
1	are prints the beautiful ! 
1	ar the prints are beautiful ! 
1	the are beautiful ! 
1	prints are beautiful ! 
1	the impress are beautiful ! 
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	was using the cheapie pail... worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	I was the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until device fell apart.
1	I ok apart the cheapie pail...and it worked was until the opening device fell using.
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it lick OK until the opening device come apart.
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it mould okay until the opening device settle apart.
1	I it using the cheapie pail...the was worked ok until and opening device fell apart.
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and habituate it initiative worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until accrue the bucket opening device fell apart.
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons sacrifice of control for photo only buffs but still has beginner an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs AN but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for automobile the novice to AN use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of dominance for photo buffs but stillness has an " auto " way that makes it very gentle for the beginner to use . 
1	the g3 gives tons of for photo buffs but still " auto " mode that makes it very easy the novice to use . 
1	gives canon g3 the tons of control for photo buffs but still to an " easy " mode that makes it very auto for the novice has use . 
1	the canon g3 gives of control for but still " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 apply tons of control for photo buffs but notwithstanding has an " auto " style that puddle it very easy for the novice to role . 
1	the control g3 gives tons of canon for photo buffs novice still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy but the for to use . 
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay from the meter you fully depress the shutter to the time the see is pack is too hanker and may yield some fuzzy shot. 
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter ii to the time II the picture is taken is about too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay the time you fully depress the shutter to the time picture is is too may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	the) The delay from 2 time shutter fully depress the shots to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy you. 
0	2) The farsighted delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the May time the picture is taken is too long and relent may yield some fuzzy shots. 
0	2) delay the time fully depress shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield fuzzy shots. 
0	2) The delay from time fuzzy you fully depress the shutter to the the the picture is taken is too long and may yield shots time some. 
0	2) The delay from the sentence you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is make is too retentive and may cede some fuzzy snap. 
1	I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am getting intimately hie on all my web programs. 
1	am getting better speeds on all my web. 
1	I am getting better whole speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am sire effective speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I am getting better speeds programs all my web on. 
1	I better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	I speeds getting better am on all my web programs. 
1	I am getting better speeds unity on all my web programs. 
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus direction on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The on the camera to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera look to have trouble focusing on the matter.
0	The the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera on to have trouble focusing seems the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the subject seems to have trouble focusing on the camera.
0	The look auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have perturb focusing on the content.
1	it works great . 
1	it great . 
1	it employment works great . 
1	works it great . 
1	it works IT great . 
1	it works capital . 
1	it wreak great . 
1	great works it . 
1	it works . 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some disturb with its autofocus on a few occasional depiction, especially nimble free-spoken guesswork where you outset up and fritter as quick as you can. 
0	The pictures of this camera quick it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few start disadvantages, especially quick candid shots where as occasional up and shot as is you you can. 
0	can disadvantages of this camera up it has been having some trouble pictures its autofocus on a few occasional with, especially quick candid shots where you as is and shot start quick as you The. 
0	of this camera is has been some trouble with its autofocus on a few pictures, especially quick candid shots where start up and shot as as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some incommode with its autofocus on a few occasional characterization, specially straightaway candid pellet where you commencement up and shot as promptly as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a A few outspoken occasional pictures, especially bear quick candid shots where you start up and shot as nimble quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been some trouble with autofocus on a few occasional pictures, quick candid shots where start up shot as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it render has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, injection especially quick candid IT shots shot where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	made the camera totally inoperable . 
0	made totally camera the inoperable . 
0	made the completely camera totally inoperable . 
0	made the camera whole totally inoperable . 
0	made the camera inoperable . 
0	pee-pee the camera totally inoperable . 
0	inoperable the camera totally made . 
0	gain the camera totally inoperable . 
0	made the totally inoperable . 
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and desk the right size for my just .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the size for desk .
1	 Great colour display , sharp icon , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color , sharp picture , and just the right size for my .
1	 Great colourise display , sharp visualise , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , equitable sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great upright color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp just , and picture the right size for my desk .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware incur upgrade progress bar , the infamous mho browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware the router bar , upgrade infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the progress 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` paginate not receive '' covert supercede most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress , the infamous browser Page not found '' screen replaced of the router ' interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress barricade , the infamous browser `` varlet not witness '' screen replace most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware taproom upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' notorious screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
0	 halfway upgrade the firmware through progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not of '' screen replaced most found the router 's interface .
0	 halfway through the firmware progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced the router ' interface .
0	 First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	 First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say hasten it abyssal was abysmal .
0	 First thing I tested was test the speed , exist and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	 beginning thing I tested was the speed , and unity have to say it was abyssal .
0	 world-class thing I essay was the fastness , and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	 First thing I was was the speed , I and have to say it tested abysmal .
0	 First I tested was the speed , and I have to it was .
0	 First thing I tested was I speed , was the have to say it and abysmal .
0	 First thing I tested was the , and I have it was abysmal .
0	 My only complaint to date is that it dropped the security settings once and I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only that to date is complaint it it the security settings that and I am not if why ; do n't know if it was something once I did or sure dropped was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to date is that it the settings once and am not sure ; do n't know if it was something that I did if it was a malfunction router .
0	 My only complaint to date is that it dropped security settings once and I am sure ; do n't if something that I did or if it was a of the router .
0	 My only ailment to date is that it dribble the protection background once and ace am not certain why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a misfunction of the router .
0	 My that complaint to date know that it of the security settings once not I am and sure why ; do n't is if it was something only I did or if it was a malfunction dropped the router .
0	 My only complaint to appointment is that it pretermit the certificate scope once and I am not certainly why ; do n't live if it was something that 1 did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to date is that IT it dropped the security settings once and dress I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I engagement did or if it was represent a malfunction of the router .
0	 My only complaint to date is that it dropped the security settings once and I am not sure why ; do mount n't know if it was something that live I did or if it i was a malfunction of alive the router .
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't experience what the problem could be.
0	They didn't bonk what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what the problem could.
0	They didn't know what the could be.
0	what didn't know They the problem could be.
0	They didn't be what the problem could know.
0	They didn't know what the problem could comprise be.
0	They didn't know what the problem job could be.
1	i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought this slick phone i very happy with it . 
1	i bought this glossy headphone and i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought this slick phone and telephone i am very happy with it . 
1	i bought this slick phone and am very happy it . 
1	i bought this tricksy phone and i am very well-chosen with it . 
1	i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with IT it . 
1	i bought this slick am and i phone very happy with it . 
1	i bought this slick phone and am i very happy with it . 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, be is sleek, cool and trendy (and I constitute think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = constitute good, but it's always hard to unvoiced tell these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, these sleek, cool and trendy (and trendy think I = good, but it's always hard to tell is days). 
1	 The design, as above, sleek, cool and trendy (and think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell these). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is, and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is hard, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, it's but always sleek to tell these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I guess trendy = soundly, but it's always strong to say these days). 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, coolheaded and trendy (and I think trendy = well, but it's always strong to narrate these days). 
1	and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
1	and so far have not had problems not being able to play . 
1	and so far have not had any roleplay problems with follow dvds not being able to play . 
1	and so far have not had any problem with videodisk not being able to turn . 
1	and so far any not had have problems with dvds being not able to play . 
1	and so far have not had to problems with dvds not being able any play . 
1	and so far non have not had any problems with dvds FAR not being able to play . 
1	and so ALIR have not had any trouble with dvds not being able to frolic . 
1	and so far not had any with dvds not able to play . 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery as good as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery life angstrom isn't as good as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't like good as I would as. 
0	 However, the battery lifespan isn't as unspoilt as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would comparable like. 
0	 However, isn't battery life the as good as I would like. 
0	 However, the battery life good as I would like. 
0	 nonetheless, the battery life isn't as good as i would like. 
1	 Way to go Apple!  
1	 Way to Apple go!  
1	 Way to proceed Apple!  
1	 room to go Apple!  
1	 Way go Apple!  
1	 Way go to Apple!  
1	 Way path to go Apple!  
1	 blend Way to go Apple!  
1	 Way to Apple!  
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It comes with wall adapter to plug from the an, which I hear is a step up it the other iPods, into require you plug it into a computer to charge which.  
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into represent the wall, which I hear AN is a step up from the other iPods, which require you equal plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It cum with an adapter to fireplug into the wall, which I hear is a stride up from the other iPods, which expect you jade it into a computer to file it.  
1	It descend with an adapter to hoopla into the wall, which I try is a tone up from the other iPods, which want you hype it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It with an to into the, which I hear is a from the other iPods, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a listen step up from the other iPods, which require AN you plug it into a computer to charge adaptor it.  
1	It comes a you adapter with plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the it iPods, which require an plug it into to computer to charge other.  
1	It adapter to plug into wall, which hear is a step up from the other iPods, require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	 If have netbook expectations you be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how swell this indulge rivulet .
1	 If will have netbook expectations you you be pleasantly surprised this how well by baby runs .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will own be pleasantly surprised comprise by how well this baby runs .
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be sunnily surprised by how well this indulge bleed .
1	 you have netbook expectations will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby .
1	 If you aside have netbook expectations you will be storm pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	 how you have netbook by you will be pleasantly surprised expectations If well this baby runs .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this router new worked 0 % of the time .
0	 router , SharePort on this new However worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort act on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 cypher However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this raw router crop 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this novel router worked 0 % of the sentence .
0	 However , SharePort this new router worked 0 % of the .
0	 However , SharePort on new router worked 0 % the time .
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that brag the i-pod away , with easy to usance and understand features , software that is simple-minded to read and employ , and a enceinte fathom ( which is all that matters in a mp3 participant ) . 
1	all in all that a great understand that matters the i-pod away , with easy to use and player features , software that is simple to understand and use , is a great sound ( which and all a blows in this mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that bollix the i-pod aside , with prosperous to consumption and realize features , software that is dewy-eyed to understand and use , and a big effectual ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that blows a i-pod away , with easy to use and and features , software that is simple to understand and sound , understand the great use ( which that all is matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to completely use and understand features , equal software that is wanton simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( purpose which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all great that blows the i-pod , with easy to use and , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( is all that matters in a player ) . 
1	all in this a great that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and features , software that is simple to understand use , sound ( which all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to participant understand and use , manipulation and a great sound ( which is role all that matters totally in a mp3 player ) . 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm the , camera controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , real the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very really intuitive ! 
1	if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , controls are very intuitive ! 
1	if you 've used a 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've exploited a slr 35mm camera , the contain are very intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've used very slr 35mm camera , the controls are a intuitive ! 
1	but if you 've victimized a slr 35mm camera , the assure are very intuitive ! 
1	It fits in your pocket.
1	It fits pocket your in.
1	It fits in pocket your.
1	It fits in inch your pocket.
1	It IT fits in your pocket.
1	It fits in your.
1	It jibe in your pocket.
1	It fits in pocket.
1	It check in your pocket.
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 I do n't think that matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up standard port a little while ago and the picture was .
1	 I do n't think that received really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port unity a little while ago and the picture iodin was awesome .
1	 I n't think that really matters though - I hooked my 360 up to the standard VGA port a while and the picture was awesome .
1	 I do n't reckon that really matters though - iodin base hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a niggling while ago and the see was awesome .
1	 VGA do n't think that awesome matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to a standard I port the little while ago and the picture was really .
1	 I do n't think that genuinely matters though - I mean rob my Xbox 360 up to the banner VGA port a little while agone and the impression was awesome .
1	 I the n't think that really matters 360 - I mean hooked my Xbox though up to the standard a port VGA little while ago and do picture was awesome .
1	 I spell do n't upwards think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox piece 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as wellspring .
1	 And it 's satiny and sexy looking as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking aphrodisiac as well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking well .
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as .
1	 And it 's looking and sexy sleek as well .
1	 And it 's as and sexy looking sleek well .
1	 And it 's substantially sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	feels solid hand in . 
1	feels in solid hand . 
1	feels in hand . 
1	solid in hand . 
1	feels flavor solid in hand . 
1	feels self-coloured in hand . 
1	feels solidness in hand . 
1	feels In solid in hand . 
1	The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software is very easygoing to use, and the shift is super fast!  
1	The software is very easy to, and the is super fast!  
1	The software is very easy to use, the transfer is super!  
1	The software is very light to use, and the transfer is super profligate!  
1	The software is very easy personify to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software easy very is to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software is dissipated very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1	The software fast very easy to use, and the transfer is super is!  
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the launched * stores * data files , but programs not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened launched does to be zen from its disk ( they must be copied to hard another drive to be or ) . 
0	4 .the pane * storage * information files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be afford or programs to be plunge from its disk ( they must be imitate to another intemperately driving to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched surgery from its disk ( angstrom they must be copied IT to copy another hard drive to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder OR structure nor does it allow documents to programme be opened or programs to be saucer launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be non launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow folder structure nor does it allow documents be opened or to be from disk ( they must be to another hard drive to ) . 
0	four .the zen * memory * data file , but does not reserve a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be afford or program to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another unvoiced get to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does be allow documents be to opened hard programs to be launched must its disk ( they from it copied to another or drive to be launched ) . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow be opened or programs to be from ( they must be copied to to be launched ) . 
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 , the sounds were spot-on projected from where they , the front of the TV .
1	 again , the sounds were spot-on and jut from where they should , the forepart of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and relieved from where they should , the movement of the telecasting .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the again front tv of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on the projected from where they should , TV front of the and .
1	 Again , projected where were spot-on and the from sounds they should , the front of the TV .
1	 , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , front of TV .
1	 externalize Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from externalise where they should , the front of the TV .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the undermentioned manikin (7610) , are seemingly a despairing trial at mash as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one loose-fitting telephone .
0	I'm advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the models () , are seemingly a desperate trial at as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one .
0	I'm inward an advocate of inch Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered AN and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , trial seemingly much desperate are at squeezing as a one and experimental technologies in under-engineered sloppy phone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this technologies and the following under-engineered (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much models and experimental phone one in sloppy phone .
0	I'm an counselor of Nokia , but this phone and the following mannequin (7610) , are ostensibly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in unrivaled baggy headphone .
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the despairing following models (7610) , are engineering seemingly engineering a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	an advocate , but this phone and the following models () , are seemingly a desperate at squeezing as much and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it went Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it exit from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	when That's it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it went from Oderless, ODEROUS!
0	That's when it expire from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
0	to when it went from Oderless, That's ODEROUS!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would put the up with the best!
1	I would up the Hitachi put with the best!
1	invest I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would position the Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would put right the Hitachi up with the best!
1	the would put I Hitachi up with the best!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the well!
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	pull the songs , even with my 1.1 usb link is still very quick , and the calibre is very honorable . 
1	ripping still songs , even quick my 1.1 usb connection is the very with , and the quality is very good . 
1	ripping the songs , even my 1.1 usb connection still very , the quality is very good . 
1	ripping the my , even 1 songs 1.with usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	undecomposed ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 personify usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	the songs , even with my 1. usb is still very quick , and the quality is very . 
1	ripping the songs , tied with my ace.1 usb connection is still very agile , and the quality is very respectable . 
1	ripping the songs , even with prompt my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very unspoiled good . 
1	 Worked fine .
1	 fine .
1	 work fine .
1	 amercement Worked fine .
1	 Worked .
1	 fine Worked .
1	 Worked ok fine .
1	 knead fine .
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent legal, still with the headphones that fare out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 fructify. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, with with the headphones that come the of out box, but it absolutely rocked even my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even II with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort deuce 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, it with the headphones that rocked out of the box, but even absolutely come with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones come out the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Quietcomfort set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that band come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose hardening Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	Pros: - Excellent voice, still with the headphones that follow out of the corner, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out the box, but absolutely rocked with my Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do eccentric and amp my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets cause right now.             
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does what you want to my geek friends say that the security is as good as right now.             
1	If you good to to wirelessly, this router does just what you do it work want and my geek friends say that the security is as want as it gets right now.             
1	If you say the work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to right and my geek friends want that to security is as good as it gets do now.             
1	If perform you flake want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek directly friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
1	If you need to operate wirelessly, this router does just what you need it to do and my geek friends allege that the security is as dependable as it bring right now.             
1	If you privation to solve wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends state that the security is as sound as it stimulate powerful now.             
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just it to do and friends say that the security is as good as it gets right.             
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and i rechargable battery the accuse unit , admit , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery small charging fast , included , is unit and the . 
1	with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable the charging , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 rechargable small flash and one mb battery the charging unit , included , is fast and compact . 
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable charging unit , included , fast and small . 
1	comes with a unmatched 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable include battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 mb axerophthol compact flash and one megabyte rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
1	comes with a 16 MB compact flash and unitary rechargable battery the charging unit , admit , is fast and small . 
1	silverish color really adds a special touch . 
1	color really adds a special touch . 
1	silverish color really adds a silvery special touch . 
1	silverish touch really adds a special color . 
1	silverish color adds a special touch . 
1	a color really adds silverish special touch . 
1	silverish color really adds a special tinct . 
1	silverish color really adds a special allude . 
1	silverish color feeling really adds a special touch . 
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was inexpensive inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch iodine monitor available XVII to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor to me at the time made the .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive XVII inch monitor available to me at the time ane fix the purchase .
1	 This item purchase the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available me to at the time I made the was .
1	 Monitor This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me Maine at the time I made the purchase .
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch reminder available to me at the time iodine throw the purchase .
1	 17 item at the most inexpensive This inch monitor available to me was the time I made the purchase .
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech product value .
1	 excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production .
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically Logitech values .
1	 An excellent product with intersection excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An product excellent with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent product with ware excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	 An excellent product with excellent and production superb Logitech typically values .
1	 An excellent product with splendid and typically superb Logitech production prise .
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
1	of as do other different things with it such as choose what kind you " now playing " modern , you can see the interface can interface or classical . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind New of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface unlike as modern early or classical . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as opt what kind of " now playacting " interface , you can consider the port as forward-looking or classical . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as interface the kind of " now playing " interface , you can as what choose see modern or classical . 
1	you do other different things with it such choose what kind of " now " , you can see the interface as modern or . 
1	can do other different things it such as what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see interface as modern or . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what tolerant of " now roleplay " interface , you can regard the interface as New or Hellenic . 
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you Hellenic can see the interface answer as modern unlike or classical . 
1	this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	is probably bet if you are for a in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip . 
1	in is probably your if bet best you are looking for a this with phone price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal this annoying flip phones . 
1	this probably your best you looking for a phone in this price range , or like , do not the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like IN me , do not have Oregon the patience to deal stake with annoying flip phones . 
1	this is probably your practiced bet if you are expect for a phone in this cost crop , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with pestiferous twitch phones . 
1	this is probably your best bet if not you are looking for a phone in this price range , or non like me , do not have the Maine patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	like is probably your best the if in are looking for a phone you this price range , or this me , do not have bet patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	this is believably your best stake if you are looking for a headphone in this price range , or like me , do not have the forbearance to deal with vexatious somersaulting phones . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	i was disappointed little a in the low end . 
0	i was lilliputian a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	i was a little in the low end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the low conclusion . 
0	i was a little the in disappointed low end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the end . 
0	i was a little disappointed in the low death . 
0	ampere i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metal I constitute was concerned that the sound would not be as alloy good .
1	 look When I saw a lot of plastic iodine where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was I concerned the sound would not as good .
1	 When I find a dispense of plastic where there was metal iodine was concerned that the sound would not be as upright .
1	 When I of a plastic saw lot where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	 When saw a lot of plastic where was metal I was that the sound would not be good .
1	 When I picture a lot of plastic where there was metal I was touch that the vocalise would not be as full .
1	 lot I saw a When of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the sound not would be as good .
0	When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen stops working, you're out of !
0	When the covert stops working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen stops working, you're out luck !
0	When the screen stops working, blind you're out of luck !
0	When the screen you're working, stops out of luck !
0	When the go screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	stops the screen When working, you're out of luck !
0	When the screen stops shape, you're out of luck !
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	i purchased this router at a woodwork record after watching the CMT people exploitation it to demo their scrap and was impressed how it performed.
1	buy I purchased this router at a IT woodworking utilise show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	I purchased this router at a demo show woodworking watching the it people using it to after their bits and was impressed how CMT performed.
1	purchased this router a woodworking after watching the CMT people using it to their and was impressed how it performed.
1	I purchased this router at woodworking after watching the people using it to demo their bits and was it performed.
1	I purchased this show at a woodworking router after watching the CMT people using impressed to demo bits their and was it how it performed.
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking testify after watching the CMT people employ it to exhibit their piece and was move how it performed.
1	I purchased bite this router morsel at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using i it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this ware i could not inquire for more .
1	 For the cost of this intersection i could not involve for more .
1	 For the cost more this product i could not ask for of .
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for ware more .
1	 For the cost of this product could ask for more .
1	 For the cost merchandise of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the product of this cost i could not ask for more .
1	 the cost of product i could not ask for more .
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish close could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	, the fit and finish could be better although doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and destination could be safe although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this cost doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, detract fit and finish could be better although this doesn't the from performance.
0	Also, could fit and finish the be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the meet and finish could be full although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and could be although this doesn't detract from performance.
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	OR nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod work but not an issue if you 're not whole going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	Nice palm sized unit , somewhat crowing then the ipod but not an emerge if you 're not passing to sample & jog with it or something . 
1	but palm sized unit , somewhat bigger not the ipod nice then an issue if you 're not going with try & jog to it or something . 
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat to then try ipod but not you issue if an 're not going bigger the & jog with it or something . 
1	sized unit , somewhat bigger the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & with it or . 
1	overnice palm sized unit , somewhat cock-a-hoop then the ipod but not an supply if you 're not pass to try & trot with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the non ipod but not an issue if you 're AN not big going to try & jog with it or something . 
1	nice palm sized , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue you 're not try & jog with it something . 
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 games a great phone, good is, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone,, good camera.
1	nokia 6600 is a great phone, good, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, upright good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, personify good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, expert games, sound camera.
1	The nokia great is a 6600 phone, good games, good camera.
1	The nokia 6600 is a groovy ring, good games, good camera.
1	 Great product , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	 corking product , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , works for my office !!!
1	 Great product , works perfectly for lick my office !!!
1	 Great product , works perfectly for my berth office !!!
1	 Great product , works perfectly for office my !!!
1	 product , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	 Great product , my perfectly for works office !!!
1	 Great product , study perfectly for my office !!!
1	i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i also you the fact that you can save player playlist liked made on the custom not just the computer ! 
1	also liked the fact that you can playlist made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i likewise liked the fact that you can preserve custom playlist you micturate on the player not just the figurer ! 
1	thespian i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on too the player not just the computer ! 
1	can also liked the fact that you i the custom playlist you made on the player not just save computer ! 
1	i also liked the fact that but you can save besides custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i also liked that you can save custom playlist you made on the player the computer ! 
1	i also care the fact that you can relieve customs playlist you work on the player not just the computer ! 
0	if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
0	if there was a zero-star rating i would thither give it.
0	if there was would zero-star rating i a give it.
0	if there zero-star rating i would give it.
0	rating there was a zero-star if i would give it.
0	if there was a value zero-star rating i would give it.
0	if there was a zero-star grass i would apply it.
0	if was a zero-star rating i give it.
0	if there was a zero-star shit i would reach it.
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me PDAs, it is Bluetooth a possible to use this phone as other simply modem for the vast majority of otherwise and many not devices.
0	Though nearly a dozen at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not use this phone as a Bluetooth the majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile majority to have told me a, it is simply not many Nokia use this phone as otherwise Bluetooth modem for the vast and of PDAs and possible other devices.
0	Though virtually a dozen dissimilar people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have severalize me otherwise, it is only not potential to utilise this earphone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me device otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as huge a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs potential and many astatine other devices.
0	Though well-nigh a dozen unlike people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have enjoin me otherwise, it is simply not potential to exercise this call as a Bluetooth modem for the Brobdingnagian majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	plainly Though huge nearly Brobdingnagian a dozen different people though at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	nearly a dozen different people both T-Mobile and have told me otherwise, it simply not possible to use this Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't like is that at depressed loudness music listening , tonal quality are very poor .
0	 What I do n't like is at lower music listening , qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do like is that at lower volume music , qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower I volume music iodine listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I is n't like do that at lower listening music volume , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What euphony I do n't like is that lineament at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 poor I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities What very are .
0	 What single do n't same is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very hapless .
0	the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the colors on the screen are crisp as i 'd have liked them to . 
0	the colors on the screen as not as liked are i 'd have crisp them to be . 
0	coloration the colors on the screen are not as along crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the colors on the stimulate screen are not as crisp as i 'along d have liked them to be . 
0	the colors on are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them be . 
0	the colours on the cover are not as snappy as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0	the colors on the screenland are not as frosty as i 'd have wish them to be . 
0	the screen on colors the are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other already or it meets that surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any than established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it fulfil or surpasses all of my involve and surely won't disappoint any already found Nokia telephone fans.
1	Other than that it meets all surpasses or of my needs phone surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia and fans.
1	Other than that it meets or ring surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone early fans.
1	Other than that it meets or outperform all of my penury and surely won't disappoint any already ground Nokia earphone fans.
1	Other than it meets or all my needs and surely won't any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of other my needs and surely won't disappoint any outgo already established Nokia phone fans.
1	that it meets or surpasses my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My bad trouble with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd contemporaries iPod Nano .
0	 My problem biggest with this speaker is the my with incompatibility 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem my this speaker is with incompatibility with the 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My self-aggrandising problem with this verbaliser is the incompatibility with my second generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem second with this speaker is the incompatibility minute with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem this speaker is the incompatibility my 2nd iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest with speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod .
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is repugnance the incompatibility with my 2nd personify generation iPod Nano .
1	Tough as nails. 
1	Tough as nail. 
1	Tough as ace nails. 
1	as Tough nails. 
1	ruffianly as nails. 
1	a Tough as nails. 
1	Tough nails. 
1	Tough nails as. 
1	as nails. 
0	i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number various for a week , several times stand a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number got a week , several times a day , and busy for a always signal . 
0	i tried holler the stand number for a week , several times a Day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number for a , several times day , and always got busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the living list for a week , several times a day , and always develop a busy signal . 
0	tried the support for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	i tried calling the support number for reinforcement a week , ampere several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
0	a tried calling the several number for a week , support times a day , and always got i busy signal . 
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a angstrom little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will off jump a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off little working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will skip off a little while forge.
0	Once a depth is locked, will jump off little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will startle off a piddling while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump volition off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it while jump off a little will working.
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his player what I get for my $200 on this MP3 is?  
0	his is what I get my $200 on MP3 player?  
0	his is what I get for $ on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what iodin catch for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I get for my $be 200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is cc what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is get I what for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I receive for my $200 on this MP3 instrumentalist?  
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax counterpoise accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax of accentuates dimished quality equalizer mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished calibre of mp3 files . 
0	* eax accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 stress files . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality files mp3 of . 
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished counterbalance quality of mp3 files . 
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme newton Wireless Router bring fine as a 802.XI n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless works fine as a 802.11 router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 wireless .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router mould fine as a 802.eleven N wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Router Wireless works fine as wireless 802.11 n a router .
1	 The router D-Link DIR-655 equally Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link utmost DIR-655 Extreme tuner N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router router fine n a 802.11 as wireless works .
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . 
1	so far works so i hope it does n't break down like reviews i 've read . 
1	so far the dvd works i it does n't break down like the reviews i ' read . 
1	so far the dvd so works i hope it does n't break down read the reviews i 've like . 
1	so far the dvd works so choose i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 'take ve read . 
1	so unity far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down shape like the reviews i 've read . 
1	so so the dvd works far i hope it does n't i down like the reviews break 've read . 
1	so far the dvd plant so i hope it does n't damp down like the followup i 've read . 
1	so far the dvd works so i desire it does n't wear down like the retrospect i 've read . 
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (nurse and even constitute MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the eventide same price???  
0	Why would buy this when can get a 20GB that will hold 4 times the number (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) the same price???  
0	wherefore would anyone buy this when you can stick a 20GB iPod that will book iv times the numeral of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is use) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times Sung the wherefore number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for Song the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy when you can get a 20GB iPod will hold 4 times number of songs ( even MORE if is used) for the same price???  
0	Why would anyone buy this 4 you can songs a 20GB iPod that will hold when times the number of get (and even MORE for AAC encoding is used) if the same price???  
0	Why would anyone corrupt this when you can mother a 20GB iPod that will obligate 4 multiplication the bit of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same terms???  
0	buy would anyone Why 20GB when will can get a this iPod that you hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
0	The on must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory phone... and turning the card back phone takes a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & adopt apart to change the store card... and turning the earphone back on rent a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & train apart to change the memory wit... and turning the call back on require a little while.
0	phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory... turning the phone back on takes a while.
0	The glucinium phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning earphone the phone back on takes a little while.
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to the memory... and turning the phone back on takes while.
0	The flex phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a ampere little while.
0	The phone must on shut down & taken apart to while the memory card... and turning the phone back be takes a little change.
1	 You can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 think can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do theater You it rivals a home n't system .
1	 You can fill a small room with pretty good , but n't think a home theater system .
1	 You can replete a belittled room with phone pretty good , but do n't consider it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You can fill a lowly board with sound pretty near , but do n't think it contender a home theater system .
1	 right You can fill a small room with phone sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You can fill system small with room sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater a .
1	 meet You can fill a small A room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	 You fill a small with sound pretty good , do n't think rivals a home theater system .
1	lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
1	lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd sizing size , and flaw price make it a good buy . 
1	spate of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price stool it a unspoiled buy . 
1	lots of flaws , but surpassing sound quality , hd size , and price name it a safe buy . 
1	lots of flaws , but sound quality , hd , and price make a good buy . 
1	lots of it , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , flaws price make and a good buy . 
1	lots of flaws , sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good . 
1	lots of flaws , but exceptional sound calibre quality , hd size , heaps and price make it a good buy . 
1	lots of flaws , exceptional sound but quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not robust . 
0	3 the came editing software it picture with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	trio the picture redaction software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 but picture editing software it came with is adequate , the not very robust . 
0	ternion the impression editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is trey adequate , but not very robust . 
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but very . 
0	3 the picture editing software derive it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
1	 Just an average user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an good user getting average value in this product .
1	 Just an average getting good value this product .
1	 Just an exactly average user getting good value in this product .
1	 Just an average user getting good evaluate in this ware .
1	 Just an average user getting good value good in this product .
1	 Just an average user produce good esteem in this product .
1	 Just an average user getting product value in this good .
1	 average user getting good value in this product .
1	i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
1	began taking pics as soon as i this camera and am at the quality of photos have took simply by using the mode . 
1	i began taking pics as soon as i car got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took shoot simply by using commence the auto mode . 
1	the began taking pics am soon as i got this and camera as amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using i auto mode . 
1	i began accept movie as soon as i amaze this camera and am astonied at the quality of photos i have acquire simply by using the auto mode . 
1	i taking pics as soon as got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i took simply using the mode . 
1	i began guide pics as soon as i mother this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have adopt simply by practice the motorcar mode . 
1	i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at plainly the patently quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto pic mode . 
1	i mode taking pics as auto as i got this camera and am amazed at the photos of quality i have took simply by using the soon began . 
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger gets stuck & have to manually extract the.
0	The you gets stuck & pluger have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger scram stuck & you have to manually extract the raft.
0	pluger gets stuck & you have to extract the mess.
0	pull The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
0	The pluger manually stuck & you have to gets extract the mess.
0	The pluger find wedge & you have to manually extract the mess.
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a courteous sport ( i.e. it 's early in the dawning and you rather listen to " easygoing listening " rather than " grueling metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it ' early in morning you rather listen to " listening " than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is problem nice feature ( a.e. rather 's early in the morning and you it listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no i . 
1	this is a overnice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather heed to " well-heeled listening " preferably than " great metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 'quite s early in the morning and you rather listen toilsome to " easy listening " rather than " heavy IN metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice ( i.e. it ' early in the morning and you rather to " easy " rather than " heavy metal " - no . 
1	this is a i feature ( nice.e. it 's heavy in the morning listening you rather listen to " easy and " rather than " early metal " - no problem . 
1	one this is a nice feature ( i.e. angstrom it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " heed rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	 Wow , this speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , speaker really rocks .
1	 speaker , this Wow really rocks .
1	 loudspeaker Wow , this speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , this speaker really Rock .
1	 Wow , this really rocks .
1	 really , this speaker Wow rocks .
1	 Wow , scream this speaker really rocks .
1	 Wow , this speaker really tilt .
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: weak     
0	- Radio prize Quality: weak reception     
0	- Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: weak receipt     
0	- Radio reception: weak Quality     
0	- character Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- weak Quality: Radio reception     
0	- Radio Quality: debile reception     
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 CONTACED ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL AVAIL SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE BEST AND CAN YOU NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A IF RIGHT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I THIS SUPPORT GET WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE 3 TO THEY IT WORKING NAT BUT TO NO ONLY BOTTOM LINE OPEN YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER BE LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL A FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER catch More THAN 1 TO HAVE A give NAT TYPE THE OTHERS exist USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED stomach THEY personify very NICE AND TRIED THRE Best TO start IT operate RIGHT BUT TO NO help tush argumentation IF YOU JUST deliver A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE mulct AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER constitute WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM WILL SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND CAN NEVER GET THAN 1 TO HAVE OPEN NAT TYPE ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I THEY VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER nonindulgent GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS proper ARE USUALY money MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I really CONTACED SUPPORT THEY hindquarters WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM lonesome LINE IF YOU deserving JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU service WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL just ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 receive AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE aright THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE I AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT dependable WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU be WILL BE FINE router AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER receive IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	 THEY ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE BUT 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER MONEY MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT RIGHT I CONTACED SUPPORT THIS WERE VERY YOU AND IT THRE BEST TO GET TRIED WORKING WHEN HAVE TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE COMPUTER THE JUST HAVE A IF A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE WORTH AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL FINE NICE GET
1	 THIS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE 1 TO A OPEN TYPE THE OTHERS ARE MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN SUPPORT WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL LINE IF YOU JUST A COMPUTER LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH MONEY
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY sustain I XBOX WE hold III AND YOU CAN NEVER contract MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR exacting WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE identical overnice AND TRIED THRE unspoiled TO find IT WORKING right-hand BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM wrinkle IF YOU JUST throw A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL exist FINE AND VERY insure THIS ROUTER constitute WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	Second, the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, apparatus the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Cd Second, the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, perfectly setup CD actually worked the. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually worked. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually ferment perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup candela actually worked perfectly. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually perfectly worked. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G iPod price the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G iPod Ipod costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the Micro as this 5G Zen same. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs same as this Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the costs Ipod 4G the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod Lapp costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	the 4G Ipod cost the same as this 5G acid Micro. 
1	i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
1	i like my phones to little be small earpiece so i can fit it in my pockets . 
1	i like my phones to be small butt so i can fit it tooshie in my pockets . 
1	small like my phones to can i so i be fit it in my pockets . 
1	i like my call to be minor so i can fit it in my sac . 
1	i my phones to be small so i fit in my pockets . 
1	i corresponding my headphone to be small so i can tally it in my pockets . 
1	i like my phones it be small so i can fit in to my pockets . 
1	phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would non not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented not play . 
0	some play 's i rented would not dvd . 
0	some dvd 's i would not play . 
0	some not 's i rented would dvd play . 
0	some videodisk dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not romp . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not gaming . 
1	simple to use and hook up . 
1	simple to use and pinch up . 
1	simple to and use hook up . 
1	simple habit to use and hook up . 
1	simple to use and crotchet up . 
1	to simple use and hook up . 
1	utilize simple to use and hook up . 
1	simple to use and hook . 
1	simple use and hook up . 
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 ane will have to wholeheartedly check with others here about the quality of this verbaliser .
0	 I will single have to wholeheartedly agree with others here i about the quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with hold others here about the one quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree others here the of this speaker .
0	 I wholeheartedly have to will agree the others here about with quality of this speaker .
0	 ane will have to wholeheartedly correspond with others here about the prize of this speaker .
0	 I will have wholeheartedly agree with others here about quality of this .
0	 I others have to wholeheartedly quality with will here about the agree of this speaker .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy felicitous with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker blockade .
1	 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 quite 'm I happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 streak I 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new loudspeaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with new my speaker bar .
1	 I 'm quite happy with new speaker bar .
1	The setup software did everything. 
1	The apparatus software did everything. 
1	package The setup software did everything. 
1	The setup did everything. 
1	everything setup software did The. 
1	The behave setup software did everything. 
1	The software did everything. 
1	setup The software did everything. 
1	The frame-up software did everything. 
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not publish write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, does Linksys not write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the DOE best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, not does Linksys write the best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the dear documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write best documentation.  
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the well documentation.  
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd woth to go say something else.      
0	If someone asked me savourless out, i'd say to operate woth something else.      
0	If someone asked out flat me, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If asked me flat, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone me flat out, say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, whirl i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If person expect me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat matt out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canyon set enormous tone into the g3 . 
1	canon am absolutely in awe into this camera , i put enormous quality of the g3 . 
1	i absolutely in awe this camera , put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this iodin camera , canon put enormous quality into equal the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely tremendous in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into canyon the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in fear of this camera , canon put tremendous select into the g3 . 
1	i absolutely am in awe put this camera , canon of enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am in awe of this camera , put quality into the g3 . 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM great is ok, not receiver. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is hunky-dory, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not recipient great. 
1	Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen not FM receiver is ok, Micro great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver equal is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not nifty. 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to use on just plain some n't load and does computers . 
0	the creative software is sticky / difficult to enjoyment and just champaign does n't load on some computers . 
0	the creative software is utilization awkward / difficult to use and just plain coiffe does n't load on some computers . 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to practice and just kick does n't shipment on some computers . 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult use and just does load on some computers . 
0	the creative is software awkward / difficult to use on just plain does n't load and some computers . 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't reckoner load manage on some computers . 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to and just plain does n't on computers . 
1	well , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	well , it lasted nice while it was . 
1	intimately , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	, it was nice while it lasted . 
1	well , it was nice while patch it lasted . 
1	well , it nice while it lasted . 
1	dainty well , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	easily , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	well , it was nice lasted it while . 
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw maiden this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the start picture quality would incorrect not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I character first saw this camera I saw how small it was an depiction instantly assumed that the picture quality would not figure be good--but I was wrong!
1	first picture quality surprised me, when I The saw this camera I saw how small it picture an instantly assumed that the was would quality not be good--but I was wrong!
1	The exposure quality surprised me, when one first hear this camera I date how small it was an instantly strike that the visualise quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
1	good--but picture quality surprised me, when I first saw I camera be saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not I The this was wrong!
1	The picture prize surprised me, when I world-class proverb this camera 1 saw how minor it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was untimely!
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed picture quality would not I!
1	The picture quality surprised me, first saw this camera I saw how small it was instantly assumed the picture would not be I was wrong!
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes player the best on the . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this repositing player the best on thespian the market . 
1	depot the combination of the price , storage size , and player actor features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and thespian features attain this player the right on the market . 
1	the combination of best price , storage size , and player features makes this market the the on the player . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features puddle this player the right on the marketplace . 
1	the combination of the price , on size , this player features makes and player the best storage the market . 
1	the combination of price , storage size , and features makes this player the best the market . 
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	trough Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ merely hung in there till the very end - easy to use, selfsame no problems with odors, and one merely of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern totally baby :-)
1	Update (marching 2005): My boy has been out of diaper for almost 2 years now, but the diaper Champ hung in there till the very remainder - promiscuous to purpose, no problems with odors, and one of the adept bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern pamper :-)
1	the (March 2005): My son been has out the diapers for almost all years now, but the Diaper Champ hung required there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of of best bargains among 2 of the paraphernalia in for Update modern baby :-)
1	Update (borderland 2005): My Son has been out of diapers for virtually ii years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easily to practice, no problems with odors, and I of the considerably bargains among all of the appurtenance required for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper appurtenance Champ hung gear in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with really odors, and one of the best bargains among all of class the paraphernalia required for boy the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March all): easy son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there end the among till - My to use, no problems with odors, and one of paraphernalia best bargains very 2005 of the the required for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March): My been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, Diaper hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems odors, and of the best bargains all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best among all of the paraphernalia for modern :-)
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week I tested to burden some more songs and delete a few but the auto shipment didn't do anything but play on my thespian. 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto car load ampere didn't do anything but turn on simply my player. 
0	a week tried to load some more songs and delete a but auto load do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week I tried automobile to load some more songs and delete about a few but the auto load didn't do anything roughly but turn on my player. 
0	didn't a delete I tried to load some more do and week a few but the auto load After songs anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week iodin tried to load some more birdcall and delete a few but the auto payload didn't do anything but bit on my thespian. 
0	After a week but tried to load some more songs and delete but few a the turn load didn't do anything I auto on my player. 
0	After a week I tried to load some and delete a but the load didn't do anything but on my player. 
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity is incredible, which means you can cram almost the total 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which 5 you can cram almost the full 2,means!
1	full clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the The 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost full,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full deuce,quintuplet!
1	The is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you uncloudedness can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full imply 2,5!
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless you ' packing the player up for travel , or if load all your beforehand . 
0	as it support now , the type is reasonably useless unless you 're backpack the player up for locomotion , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	as it upwards stands now , the case is completely pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your upwardly songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're incumbrance packing the musician player up pile for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	as it stands now , the case is your up unless you 're packing the player up for travel , songs if you load useless all pretty or beforehand . 
0	as it viewpoint now , the showcase is pretty useless unless you 're wad the participant up for travel , or if you lade up all your songs beforehand . 
0	it stands now , case pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or you load up all your beforehand . 
0	as it stands packing , the case is pretty useless the you 're now unless player up for travel , or you if load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted diminished to using small plastic bags to store underprice the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and pestiferous using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to employ small plastic bags to store the ill-gotten diapers and dumping them in a deoxyephedrine can and using the nappy Champ for lactating diapers only.
0	dirty small to using resorted plastic bags to store the We diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ wet for diapers only.
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty and dumping a can and using the Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to using small diapers bags and store the dirty diapers and dumping them using a trash can to in the Diaper Champ for wet plastic only.
0	We resorted to using little plastic dish to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a ice can and using the Diaper Champ for cockeyed diaper only.
0	resorted small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping in a trash can and using Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	We resorted to using small plastic utilise bags pocket to store the dirty diapers and dumping them scrap in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the maintain picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the photo kept freezing . 
0	after picture weeks the two kept freezing . 
0	two after weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture restrain freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept retain freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept . 
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard sweet not to the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to observe the aqua color .
1	 The full sized refer keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is not to mention the aquamarine .
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet aquamarine to mention the not color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine observe color .
1	 The full sized aquamarine is sweet not to mention the keyboard color .
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to observe the aquamarine colourize .
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older penury version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well IT before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" establish, you may also ask to remove it as well before proceed with SystemWorks instal.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, AN you may also sustain need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older translation of "Internet Security" installed, you may besides need to murder it as wellspring before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	you an older version of " Security", you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet to" installed, you may also need Security remove it as SystemWorks before proceeding with well install.
0	If have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you also need remove it as well before proceeding with install.
0	If need have an older remove of "Internet Security" installed, you may also you to version it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex 2600 will not work my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work my universal remote . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my remote universal control . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will volition not work with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex insure model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 universal not work with my will remote control . 
0	5 ) this apex exemplary 2600 will not work with my universal remote contain . 
0	5 ) this acme model 2600 will not influence with my universal remote control . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	it is , sleek and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , attractive and sleek . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek slick and attractive . 
1	is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , whippersnapper sleek and attractive . 
1	it is lightweight , silken and attractive . 
1	it is jackanapes , sleek and attractive . 
1	sleek is lightweight , it and attractive . 
1	it 's worth it . 
1	it 'IT s worth it . 
1	worth 's it it . 
1	it 's Worth it . 
1	it 'worth s it . 
1	it 's deserving it . 
1	it 's it . 
1	IT it 's worth it . 
1	it ' worth it . 
1	if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if album the up an you , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen playing allow you to delete that from bring will order . 
1	you bring up album , absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen allow you to delete that from the order . 
1	if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate the tracks , zen will allow you to delete that from order . 
1	erase if around you bring up an album , but absolutely convey hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you convey up an album , but dead hate some of the tracks , the zen will appropriate you to delete that from the dally regulate . 
1	if you bring up an album , but appropriate absolutely hate some of the tracks , the AN zen will allow you to seize delete that from the playing order . 
1	if you institute up an album , but absolutely hate some of the cartroad , the zen will appropriate you to delete that from the act orderliness . 
1	if you some up an album , but playing hate will of the tracks , the zen bring allow you to delete that from the absolutely order . 
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes also happen .
0	 Display glitches and flashes occurred also .
0	 Display glitches and also flashes occurred .
0	 Display glitches and dart also occurred .
0	 Display glitches flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occur occurred .
0	 Display glitches and also occurred .
0	 Display bug glitches and flashes also occurred .
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC irksome adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than simply USB, but slower but than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull IT headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod adaptor headphones with USB you need, the AC package, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but those than everything 2 which it also gives), slower snazzy and powerfull comes, and of course the player. 
1	 The iPod package number with everything you motivation, the actinium adaptor, firewire cable (immediate than USB, but obtuse than USB 2 which it also grant), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of line the player. 
1	 The iPod bundle come with everything you postulate, the actinium adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB II which it also founder), those snazzy and powerfull phone, and of course the player. 
1	 gives iPod package comes with everything you need, headphones AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than course, but slower than player 2 which it also The), those snazzy and powerfull the, and of USB the USB. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, springiness the AC adaptor, firewire actinium cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which adapter it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
1	 The package comes everything you need, the AC, firewire (quicker USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of the player. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the adaptor, firewire cable ( than, slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and headphones, and of player. 
1	for a specific location , i still think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i still its think a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i still amp think its a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i still a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , i still mean its a great sound . 
1	for a specific location , i still think its ease a great phone . 
1	for a specific location , still its a great phone . 
1	great a specific location , i still think its a for phone . 
1	for a specific location , i silence think its a smashing phone . 
1	The accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the peachy player are great. 
1	accesories The that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are groovy. 
1	descend The accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that come with the player are. 
1	The that come with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that derive with the player are great. 
1	The accesories that great with the player are come. 
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
1	7- deal panoramic pictures are a very big 360.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big sight.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big slew.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are slew a very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very figure big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are very a big deal.
1	7- 360 pictures are a very big deal.
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a big deal.
1	there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , which date , and can get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and escort , which can scram helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and date , get can which helpful . 
1	there is time a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
1	is a clock , and , which can get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and , which get helpful . 
1	there is a amp clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
1	there is a clock , and appointment , which can produce helpful . 
0	the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the is okay , but i not fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the distant is approve , but i am not a fan of remotes with diminutive buttons . 
0	the remote is okay , but tiny am buttons a fan of remotes with i not . 
0	the remote is okay , but i am cost not a fan of fine remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the remote is okay , but i am fan remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	release the remote is okay , but i diminutive am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	the removed is ok , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny clit . 
0	the remote but okay , is i am fan a not of remotes with tiny buttons . 
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable feature. .
1	Creative did well on battery rechargeable its feature. .
1	Creative originative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on sport its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did considerably on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well on rechargeable battery feature. .
1	Creative did well feature its rechargeable battery on. .
1	Creative did advantageously on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
1	pack It is amazingly small, it's hard to low believe all that has been packed into this camera.
1	It is amazingly this, to hard it's believe all that has been packed into small camera.
1	It is amazingly small, moot it's hard to believe all that has been packed consider into this camera.
1	It amazingly small, it's hard believe all that has been packed this camera.
1	It is surprisingly small, it's firmly to believe all that has been compact into this camera.
1	It is amazingly small, hard to believe that has been packed into this.
1	It is amazingly modest, it's tough to believe all that has been bundle into this camera.
1	believe is amazingly It, it's hard to small all that has been packed into this camera.
1	I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	one I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	I love that don't have to expensive refills.
1	I love that you don't have replenish to purchase expensive refills.
1	i fuck that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	I love that you to have don't purchase expensive refills.
1	I love that you don't expensive to purchase have refills.
1	single honey that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	love that you don't to purchase expensive refills.
1	The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works intimately, although it ingest some pattern since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't sharpen.
1	The macro mode IT works well, although it takes some practice since the camera IT doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works well, although it takes some the camera doesn't indicate it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works fountainhead, although it acquire some commit since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focalize.
1	The macro mode works although, well it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate focus it can't when.
1	The macro the works it, although well takes some practice since mode camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice good since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't lead focus.
1	The macro works well, although takes some since camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 , the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust receivers' volume and your set, since iPod itself acts as strong amplifer of own.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do suffice is adjust your have receivers' volume and your set, take since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' replete loudness up, all you have to do is aline your receivers' volume and your sic, since the iPod itself deed as a unassailable amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' entire bulk up, all you have to do is conform your receivers' volume and your located, since the iPod itself deed as a hard amplifer of its' own.
1	 And, with the full up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume set, since iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of own.
1	 And, with the iPods' receivers' of up, all you have to do is adjust your full volume and your since, set the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer volume its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' set full volume up, all you have set to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer routine of its' own.
1	 And, with the iPods' acts iPod set, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your up, since the a itself full as volume strong amplifer of its' own.
1	the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a ring big plus : it actually protects the unit whole well , something pack a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a self-aggrandising plus : it actually protects the unit comfortably , something a mess of ' sway cases ' betray to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a big plus : actually protects unit well , something lot of ' carrying cases ' fail with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a advantageously big plus : it actually protects face the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' cost fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch is a big unit : it actually protects the plus well , something a lot of ' audio cases ' fail devices do with other carrying to . 
1	the included leather pouch is a boastfully plus : it actually protects the unit wellspring , something a destiny of ' contain cases ' miscarry to do with other audio devices . 
1	the included pouch is a big plus : it protects unit well , something a lot of ' cases ' fail to do with audio devices . 
1	the included leather pouch do a big plus : protects actually it unit the well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to is with other audio devices . 
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a capital newborn, it was IT great how easy it was to dispose comprise of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous Numbers of diapers that you endure through with a newborn, it was expectant how soft it was to incline of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that go through a newborn, it was easy it was to of the dirty ones.
1	With enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, was it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the easy it of to that you go through with a newborn, it was great how enormous numbers was diapers dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a IT newborn, it was great how tremendous easy it was to nifty dispose of the dirty ones.
1	With the enormous numbers the diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great dispose ones it was to how of of dirty easy.
1	With the enormous issue of diapers that you locomote through with a newborn, it was outstanding how slowly it was to dispose of the pestiferous ones.
1	but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only the you here really look at should is the fact that thing phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyhow , the only thing you should rattling face at here is the fact that the phone does have part dialing . 
1	but anyway , the count only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the behave phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only thing dial you should vocalization really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only phone does should really look at here is the fact that the thing you have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the only thing you should genuinely front at here is the fact that the call does have spokesperson dialing . 
1	but , the only thing you should really look at is fact that the phone have voice dialing . 
1	but anyway , the should really look at here is fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic array seems not quite as expert as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic seems not quite as good as Kodak DC260.
0	the dynamic range seems not quite as good as The Kodak DC260.
0	dynamic range seems not quite good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic range seems not axerophthol quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	The dynamic run seems not quite as goodness as the Kodak DC260.
0	rather The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It is the perfect  camera, plus offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is the hone travel  camera, plus it pass the gismo of digital photography.
1	It really is convenience perfect travel  camera, offers it plus the the of digital photography.
1	IT rattling is the perfect travel  camera, positive it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	crack It really is proffer the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, offers the convenience of digital.
1	It really is stark the perfect travel  camera, genuinely plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
1	It offers is the perfect travel  camera, plus digital really the convenience of it photography.
1	The plusses are the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	The plusses are the features, look, good signal and battery life, plus memory size and retention robustness.
1	The are the features, look, signal and battery life, memory size and.
1	The asset are the features, look, good signal and battery lifespan, remembering size and robustness.
1	The size are plusses features, look, good signal and battery life, memory the and robustness.
1	The plusses are the features, look, good signal battery, memory and robustness.
1	The plusses are the indicate features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size signaling and robustness.
1	The plusses the are features, signal, good look and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	The plusses are the features, appear, expert signal and battery living, memory size and robustness.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the call for you... but dear luck obtain one w/ all the features & such a competitive terms.
1	angstrom A Sony Ericcson may be angstrom the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be competitive phone features you... but good luck finding one w/ all the for & such a the price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but militant good luck finding one w/ all the features & just such a competitive price.
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck price finding w/ all the a & such features competitive one.
1	A Sony may be phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the & such a competitive.
1	A Ericcson may be phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ the features & such competitive price.
1	amp Sony Ericcson may be the sound for you... but good luck find one watt/ all the features & such a competitive price.
1	 Delivery was prompt .
1	 was Delivery prompt .
1	 Delivery prompt .
1	 Delivery was incite .
1	 Delivery was quick .
1	 prompt was Delivery .
1	 Delivery exist was prompt .
1	 livery Delivery was prompt .
1	 Delivery was .
1	A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years. 
1	A very advantageously create product that has form very well for me over the years. 
1	A very well made product that worked very well for the years. 
1	A very well made product well has worked very years for me over the that. 
1	A very ingest well made product that has worked production very well for me over the years. 
1	axerophthol very well stool product that has forge very well for me over the years. 
1	A very years made the that has worked very well for me over product well. 
1	A made that has worked very well for me over the years. 
1	A very axerophthol well made product that has worked very well for me over process the years. 
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often as with ISO 50), auto balance (auto white better of the other cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, shorter with (balance aperture-time, so more often already images as 100 ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white ISO is better than of the other canon very-well I have and they sharper do cameras).
1	I found best results hence in almost most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with motorcar ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras c I have site and they already do very-well).
1	I notice outflank termination in most position with manual/marrow auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper epitome as with ISO 50), auto white residue (auto blanched balance is estimable than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	I recover comfortably leave in most situation with manual/center auto nidus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often abrupt double as with ISO 50), auto white equilibrize (auto lily-white balance is wagerer than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	found best results in most situation with manual/center auto, mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with), auto white balance (auto white balance is of the other canon cameras I they already do very-well).
1	I place found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, heart ISO personify 100 (shorter aperture-time, so direction more often sharper images as institute with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	results white best I in most situation with of/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, better more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto found balance is so than manual very-well other canon cameras I have and they already do the).
1	i like the speakphone function a lot . 
1	i like function speakphone the a lot . 
1	i like the speakphone function lot . 
1	i I like the speakphone function a lot . 
1	i like the function a lot . 
1	i like luck the speakphone function a lot . 
1	speakphone like the i function a lot . 
1	i like the speakphone function a fortune . 
1	i like the speakphone function a pile . 
0	But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But my biggest gripe is still yet the extremely ugly design.  
0	my biggest is still the extremely ugly design.  
0	But the biggest gripe is still my extremely ugly design.  
0	But my biggest gripe is still extremely the ugly design.  
0	But my biggest gripe is still the holler extremely ugly design.  
0	just my biggest gripe is tranquillise the extremely ugly design.  
0	my biggest gripe is still extremely ugly design.  
0	But my prominent gripe is stillness the extremely ugly design.  
1	The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase they give with it advantageously must work well.  
1	it hardcase they give with The must work well.  
1	The hardcase they give it with must work well.  
1	The hardcase they give with it must solve work well.  
1	The hardcase they with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase they pass with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase they present with it must work well.  
1	The hardcase they give with must work well.  
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	terrible grain was the . 
0	the grain terrible . 
0	the grain was unspeakable . 
0	the grain was dread . 
0	the comprise grain was terrible . 
0	the grain was . 
0	grain the was terrible . 
0	the Washington grain was terrible . 
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it comes IT with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote accession control .
1	 addition , it comes with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote .
1	 In improver , it comes with a remote control .
1	 addition In , it comes with a remote control .
1	 In addition , it descend with a remote control .
1	 it addition , In comes with a remote control .
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this is, I believe the Champ fact the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best champ way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the outflank way to decease.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the best is the Champ way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the is the best way to.
1	Regardless to this fact, I the Champ the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the honorable way to fail.
1	croak Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	6) The phone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	hexad) The earphone is really all-encompassing, which appear to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually comfortable to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	sixer) The phone is really all-embracing, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easygoing to clutches and tone more ergonomic.
1	6) really phone is The wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many easier, grip the phone is actually people to but and feel more ergonomic.
1	) The phone is really wide, which to a turnoff for many people, but the is actually easier to grip and feel more.
1	6) The phone is soft really appear wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone gentle is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	6) The live phone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff really for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and amp feel more ergonomic.
1	6) The and is really wide, which seems actually be a to for many people, but the phone is to easier turnoff grip phone feel more ergonomic.
1	6) The phone is really wide, which to be turnoff for many people, but the phone is to grip and feel more.
1	the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen well sounds great with good headphone and xtra recored mp3s . 
1	the xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great sound with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the xtra sounds great with headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra headphone great with good sounds and well recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with commodity headphone and wellspring recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds swell with good headphone and considerably recored mp3s . 
1	the zen xtra sounds ripe great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 fiance ordered this , she 's a teacher so she small computer that would keep her from bringing work with her .
1	 would teacher ordered this computer , she 's a fiance so computer needed a small she that My keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	 My fiance her this computer , she 's work teacher so she needed a small computer that bringing keep ordered from would a home with her .
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so needed a small computer would keep her from work with .
1	 My fiance rate this computer , she 's a instructor so she needed a small-scale computer that would keep her from add work national with her .
1	 My adenine fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer land that would keep her from bringing work home sec with her .
1	 My fiance coherent this computer , she 's a teacher so she necessitate a small computer that would livelihood her from convey work menage with her .
1	 My fiance ordered instructor this computer , regularize she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would regularise keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I wireless Linksys the hooked router up broadband a to connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I hooked positive the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running E at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on along the download e!
1	700 hooked on Linksys wireless router up to download broadband connection which is running at a maximum of I plus Kilobytes the the a e!
1	I the Linksys wireless up to broadband connection running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	iodin drug-addicted the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband link which is melt at a maximum of 700 plus KB on the download e!
1	I hook the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband joining which is unravel at a uttermost of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download einsteinium!
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up connective to a broadband connection A which guide is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	I hooked the wireless router up a broadband connection which is running at maximum 700 plus Kilobytes on the e!
0	no way to contact their customer service . 
0	no way contact their customer service . 
0	no to contact their customer service . 
0	no way to touch their customer service . 
0	no way to contact their customer direction service . 
0	no to way contact their customer service . 
0	no way to contact their customer avail . 
0	way no to contact their customer service . 
0	no way to contact room their customer service . 
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another quint star performance. 
1	Another 5 performance. 
1	Another execution 5 star performance. 
1	performance 5 star Another. 
1	fin Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 principal performance. 
1	Another 5 performance star. 
1	Another star performance. 
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine and both wired for wireless.  
1	The router works OK for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for both function wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine radiocommunication for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router influence fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for both wired wireless.  
1	The works router fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 drivers the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small Even .
1	 fifty-fifty the bass is pretty impressive from such rather low drivers .
1	 Even the is pretty impressive from rather small drivers .
1	 Even yet the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty drivers from such rather small impressive .
1	 level the bass is pretty impressive from such rather humble drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive preferably from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass pretty impressive from such rather small .
1	It's far better than all others on the market.
1	It's far better than all others on market.
1	It's others better than all far on the market.
1	It's far better all than others on the market.
1	It's far better than all others the market.
1	It's far ripe than all others on the market.
1	It's far honorable than all others on the market.
1	easily It's far better than all others on the market.
1	It's far along better than all others on the market.
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it digs makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	one also like the lock feature, so it makes the signature pad inactive.   
1	I like the feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, makes it so the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes pad touch the inactive.   
1	I also the feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so diggings it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it create the hint pad inactive.   
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can aver that it consistently produce tops photos . 
1	having used it for than a , i can say it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having used it for more than month , i say that it consistently produces photos . 
1	having used it for more than a produces , i can that say it consistently month topnotch photos . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say cause that it consistently produces topnotch IT photos . 
1	having used produces for it than a month , i can say that more consistently it topnotch photos . 
1	cause having used it for more than a month , i can pic say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having employ it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently raise topnotch picture . 
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are upgrade to the 2004, don't.
0	If you currently own 2003 to version, and are looking to upgrade the the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you currently personify own the 2003 version, and are looking possess to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are face to elevate to the 2004 edition, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 translation, and are await to upgrade to the 2004 rendering, don't.
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to presently upgrade to the have 2004 version, don't.
0	If own currently you the 2003 don't, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, version.
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, are looking to to the version, don't.
1	it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small enough to fit easily in a sack coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small enough to gibe easily in a coat pocket or handbag . 
1	it is small to fit easily a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it bag is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	it is small enough to purse easily in a coat pocket or fit . 
1	it is small enough to fit easily in purse coat pocket or a . 
1	it is small enough to set easily in a coat scoop or purse . 
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	dog simple click buttons , back buttons volume and wanton display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	simple detent buttons , indorse buttons volume and display are very easy to take , access and use . 
1	and click buttons , back buttons volume simple display are very and to read , access easy use . 
1	simple click buttons , buttons volume and display very easy read , access and use . 
1	display click buttons , back buttons access and simple are very easy to read , volume and use . 
1	simple click buttons , back clit volume and display are very easy to read , entree and function . 
1	simple exist click buttons , back simpleton buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	simple buttons , back buttons volume and very easy to read , access and use . 
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
0	where close to 12 but at least is (and they included a second one free).  
0	where close to 12 live hours but at least it is replaceable (and they only included a second one free).  
0	where close to 12 hours least at but it one replaceable (and they included a second is free).  
0	close to 12 hours but at least is replaceable ( they included a second one free).  
0	where close second one hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a to 12 free).  
0	where tightlipped to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second i devoid).  
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it merely is replaceable (and they included a second minute one free).  
0	where conclude to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a endorse one release).  
1	 In all I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 In all 'd say this is a decent router for the .
1	 In all I 'd say this is decent a router for the money .
1	 In all I 'a say this is d decent router for the money .
1	 In all I 'd say this is a decent router amp for the money .
1	 In all I 'd enjoin this is a decorous router for the money .
1	 in all 1 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 In all inch I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
1	 In all I ' this is a decent router for the money .
1	I have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	one have LE money invested in the router shelve and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single gimcrack reliant maker.
1	have less money invested in router table and than would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	I have money in router table and dual routers than would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant.
1	I have less money iodine invested in the router table and dual remit routers than I would have if I inward had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
1	I have exclusive less money invested in the router table and dual routers individual than I would have if I had purchased a router single cheap reliant shaper.
1	I have less have invested in single I table and dual routers than I would money if router had purchased a the cheap reliant shaper.
1	I had less money invested in the router if and dual routers than I would have table I have a purchased single cheap reliant shaper.
1	I have less money indue in the router table and treble routers than I would have if ane had purchase a single cheesy reliant shaper.
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in has a of plastic , disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite of plastic , a disappointment stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the consistence / construction in general has quite a prick of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless nerve ponderousness of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general the quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless of heft steel has s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite heftiness a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft indium of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in world-wide has quite a number of plastic , a disappointment after the untainted steel heftiness of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of eubstance plastic , a disappointment after ampere the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	steel the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , stainless disappointment after the a and heft of the s330 . 
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some may not corresponding the horn tweeters , as they tend to intelligent too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound good too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tend , as they tweeters to sound too hot .
0	 Some may not the horn tweeters , they tend to sound too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound also too hot .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to well-grounded too spicy .
0	 Some may like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound hot .
0	 may Some not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the endorse dvd player in my chum house , that one didn " t make either ! 
0	when i tried to install the endorsement dvd player in my brothers house , that 1 didn " t sour either ! 
0	when i tried to install in second dvd player the my brothers t , that one didn " house work either ! 
0	when i tried to the second dvd in brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the unrivalled second dvd player in my brothers house , that one menage didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one participant didn " ace t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in one brothers work , that my didn " t house either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that didn " t ! 
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because perform it was enough to get wireless conformation working, but nowhere near enough instruction just to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because I was enough to get done working, but near nowhere enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that it could have wireless if so!
0	IT I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper wreak configuration job plenty that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because was to get wireless working, near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have if so!
0	1 say adequate because it was enough to come wireless play, but nowhere near enough statement to do the proper configuration occupation that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere have enough instruction to do the proper configuration done that I could near job so if!
0	I say adequate because it was enough to catch wireless process, but nowhere nigh enough teaching to do the proper configuration job that single could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because it was to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the job that could have done so!
1	yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
1	yes , i over it recommend the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend it over IT the competition . 
1	yes , recommend it over the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend over the competition . 
1	yes , i urge it over the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend it over the contender . 
1	yes , i recommend it over one the competition . 
1	yes , i recommend it competition the over . 
1	3 ) user replaceable battery 
1	replaceable ) user 3 battery 
1	) user replaceable battery 
1	trio ) user replaceable battery 
1	shelling 3 ) user replaceable battery 
1	3 ) user battery 
1	trinity 3 ) user replaceable battery 
1	ternary ) user replaceable battery 
1	3 ) replaceable user battery 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential boilersuit buyers should be wary of ; histrion and all readers need to live know about a magnanimous third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this big is an mediasource disappointment with a couple of player flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to virtually about a third party software company that resolves know all the of creative overall file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment a couple of flaws that potential should wary of ; and all readers need know about a third software company that resolves virtually all of the mediasource file transfer . 
0	this thespian is an overall disappointment with a twin of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to fuck about a 3rd party software company that dissolve about all of the creative mediasource file channelize issuing . 
0	this participant is an overall disappointment with a dyad of handsome flaws that potential buyer should be wary of ; and all readers want to cognize about a third party software troupe that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer effect . 
0	this player is an tertiary overall disappointment with histrion a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know mates about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource boilersuit file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a of flaws that potential buyers should wary ; and all readers need to about a third party software company resolves all of the creative mediasource file issues . 
0	this player buyers an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws and potential is should be wary of ; that all readers need to know about creative third transfer software company that resolves virtually all of the a mediasource file party issues . 
1	for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	for the most this is good dvd player . 
1	for the most nearly part this is a good dvd player . 
1	for the is part this most a good dvd player . 
1	cost for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	for the most section this is a good dvd histrion . 
1	for the part this is a dvd player . 
1	for the most parting this is a undecomposed dvd player . 
1	for the most part is this a good dvd player . 
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I envelop found the setup software on the enclosed CD covering to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , found the setup software the enclosed CD to useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , iodin found the apparatus software on the introduce CD to be useless .
0	 enclosed SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software useless the SETUP CD to be on .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - I my application , the found the setup software on For enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP regain SOFTWARE - For my application , candle I found the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the software on enclosed to be useless .
0	 frame-up SOFTWARE - For my application , I institute the apparatus software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd player is amercement . 
1	the dvd is fine . 
1	the dvd cost player is fine . 
1	the player dvd is fine . 
1	the fine player is dvd . 
1	exquisitely the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd player is ticket . 
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability secure and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was life for portability and good battery looking and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and good biography battery life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking portability and good life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery sprightliness and this product rescue both .
1	 I looking for portability and good life and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking life portability and good battery for and this product delivers both .
1	 I was looking for portability and undecomposed battery spirit and this product delivers both .
0	the vibrate setting is loud ! 
0	the vibrate setting constitute is loud ! 
0	the vibrate ready is loud ! 
0	is vibrate setting the loud ! 
0	the vibrate prepare is loud ! 
0	the vibrate setting meretricious is loud ! 
0	the vibrate is setting loud ! 
0	the vibrate setting loud ! 
0	the setting is loud ! 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while functional out as i accidently pip the embroider evening lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip desensitize songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even call lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip call while exercise out as i accidently hit the embellish even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitize mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out patch as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (A yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the yes even mode (pad i have it in maximum desensitized lightly). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the even (yes it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	out working flip songs while occassionally I as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
0	I occassionally songs while working out as i accidently hit pad even lightly (yes i have it maximum desensitized). 
0	That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That disappointed, I am said in the plunging mechanism.
0	disappointed said, I am That in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I am disappointed in the inwards plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, iodine I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That aver, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	That said, I am defeated in the plunging mechanism.
0	less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than a month the screen freezes and eventually " no disc . " 
0	less than a month later the screen freezes no eventually shows " and disc . " 
0	less than a month later the screen freezes and axerophthol eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than a month posterior the screen freezes and eventually express " no disc . " 
0	month than a less later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less evince than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
0	less than month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " disc . " 
0	less than a month later the filmdom freezes and eventually evidence " no disc . " 
1	Diaper Champ is great.
1	Diaper Champ great.
1	Diaper is Champ great.
1	Diaper is great.
1	Diaper great is Champ.
1	Diaper Champ is nifty.
1	Diaper Champ is corking.
1	Diaper Champ is nappy great.
1	Diaper Champ is champion great.
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
1	nokia and baby really teamed up well on this t-mobile . 
1	nokia and t-mobile actually teamed up well on this featherbed . 
1	nokia and actually t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
1	nokia t-mobile and really teamed up well on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile genuinely teamed up swell on this baby . 
1	and t-mobile really teamed up on this baby . 
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this coddle baby . 
1	the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
1	the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra personify could package n't be easier to use . 
1	the new organizer software ships with the nomad zen xtra n't be easier use . 
1	the raw organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easy to utilization . 
1	the organizer that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be to use . 
1	the new organizer software that ships with the nomad acid xtra could n't be gentle to employment . 
1	the new organizer software that ships nomad the with zen to could n't be easier xtra use . 
1	the new organizer software the ships could that nomad zen xtra with n't be easier to use . 
1	the habituate new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to prosperous use . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it constitute is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the equal most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	bang-for-the-buck is the most it out there . 
1	it bang-for-the-buck the most is out there . 
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of manipulation and it contain the odor in majuscule.
1	THIS ITEM IS odour EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and IT it held the odor in great.
1	THIS ITEM great EXCEPTIONAL I the like ease of use and it held the odor in IS.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL ane like the facilitate of use and it held the odor in peachy.
1	THIS IS EXCEPTIONAL like the ease use and it held the odor in great.
1	ease ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the THIS of use and it great the odor in held.
1	THIS ITEM EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of and it held the odor in.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of utilization use and it check held the odor in great.
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was swell , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped work .
0	 Well the theory was great , but Guest upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was neat , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped bring .
0	 Well the theory was great , but enabling guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory great was , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was great , but enabling the guest , things stopped working .
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the stopped network , things guest working .
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest majuscule network , things stopped working .
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five stars one for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five stars for its,performance, expandability, and looks!
1	I give this asterisk product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five adept for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely bet!
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,,, and definitely looks!
1	I founder this product five adept for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	five give this product I stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, and, expandability definitely looks!
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	fine i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played when , but with no dvd i only got the audio - a picture ! 
0	when i hooked it up only produced sound - a played fine , with a dvd i got the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i hooked it up ane it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd OK i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i purloin it up it only produced sound - a CD played fine , but with a videodisc i only mother the audio - no picture ! 
0	when i hooked it up it only sound - a played fine , but with a dvd i only got audio - no ! 
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - dvd cd played fine , but with a a i only got no audio - the picture ! 
0	when i hooked it up it only produced phone - a cd run fine , but with a dvd i only got the sound - no flick ! 
0	when i hooked it spiel up it wreak only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
0	i was live with the size ( inconvenient on the ) but the durability was a big zero . 
0	i was willing to springy with the magnanimous size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a large aught . 
0	i was willing a live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the was durability to big zero . 
0	i was willing to live with comprise the larger size ( incorporate inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
0	i was leave to go with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a large zippo . 
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient WA on the road ) but the durability was iodin a big zero . 
0	i was to live the larger ( inconvenient on the road ) the durability was a big zero . 
0	i was willing to live the with larger but ( inconvenient on the road ) size the durability was a big zero . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	adenine for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it look to be , an affordable multi-format IT dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , player was everything i expected to , an affordable multi-format dvd with a stylish slim as advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player everything i expected to be , an affordable multi-format with a stylish case as advertised . 
1	for player first few multi-format , this player was everything i expected it to be , the affordable weeks dvd an with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the outset few workweek , this player was everything i wait it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd histrion with a stylish slim lawsuit as advertised . 
1	for the player few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to stylish , an affordable multi-format dvd first with a be case slim as advertised . 
1	for actor the first require few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format low dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the 1st few weeks , this player was everything i look it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd actor with a stylish slenderize font as advertised . 
0	the software failed repeatedly . 
0	repeatedly software failed the . 
0	the failed repeatedly . 
0	the package software failed repeatedly . 
0	the software flunk repeatedly . 
0	software failed repeatedly . 
0	failed software the repeatedly . 
0	the software die repeatedly . 
0	die the software failed repeatedly . 
0	i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the fathom sound but no picture ! 
0	can i only hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the sound but no render ! 
0	i can only the sound but no picture ! 
0	i can only hear the sound but no film ! 
0	i can hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	only i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	sound can only hear the i but no picture ! 
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used trash regular bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash summation bags is great.
1	, the fact that it used trash bags is great.
1	plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is capital.
1	Plus, the fact great it used regular trash bags is that.
1	Plus, the fact bagful that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular codswallop bags is nifty.
1	Plus, the fact that it used trash bags great.
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
0	freezes , the player sometimes also , not can very big problem , but a also be annoying . 
0	also , the player sometimes gravid freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be plaguey annoying . 
0	also , the player sometimes block freezes , not a very big problem , but can also pestering be annoying . 
0	, the player sometimes freezes , not very big problem , can also be annoying . 
0	too , the player sometimes freezes , not a very great problem , but can also be pestiferous . 
0	also , the not freezes sometimes , player a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
0	also , the sometimes freezes , not a very big , but can also be . 
0	also , the player sometimes immobilize , not a very expectant problem , but can also be irritation . 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since interchange it with a match of fatal Sennheisers... Not only are the package earbuds somewhat uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can objective iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the pretty uncomfortable, but too similar to iPod's can iPod here in NYC. 
0	I've since supersede it with a geminate of bleak Sennheisers... Not only are the box earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too exchangeable to iPod's and can butt iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged simply earbuds just pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar package to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've are replaced it with NYC pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but target too similar to iPod's and can theives iPod since here in a. 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged package earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are packet too similar to iPod's and ar can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've replaced it with a of black... Not are the earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	I've since replaced it with a earbuds of black Sennheisers... Not only are the can pair pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and packaged target iPod theives in here NYC. 
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 it works fine but I have through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it its fine but I have through two monitors now both with switches .
0	 When it turn its fine but I have bygone through two monitors now both with defective tack .
0	 works it When its fine but I have gone through two monitors switches both with defective now .
0	 When it knead works its fine but I IT have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works switch its fine but I have gone through two monitors now deliver both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine but i have survive through two monitors now both with defective alternate .
0	 When it switches its fine but monitors have gone through two I now both with defective works .
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house is small , so it 's laborious to label the genuine strenght of the product through a mass of walls , but in my theatre the product play dead in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard south to judge the real strenght of the bespeak product through a lot of walls , but done in my house the product worked perfectly done in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house palisade is intersection small , so it 's hard flock to judge the real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal really interruptions .
1	 My house is small , so to 's hard product judge signal real but of the it through a lot of walls , strenght in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no the interruptions .
1	 house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of the product a lot of walls , in house the worked perfectly in all rooms and , with signal interruptions .
1	 My house is , it 's hard to judge the real strenght of product through of walls , but in my house the worked perfectly in all rooms and , with no signal interruptions .
1	 My house signal small , of it 's hard to judge all real no of the product through a lot the walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in so rooms and corners , with strenght is interruptions .
1	 My sign is minuscule , so it 's intemperately to judge the real strenght of the product through a raft of walls , but in my home the product run perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal disruption .
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
1	 If I were to rate these speaker on my listening needs , I would consecrate a 2.v stars , but ane 'm bighearted 4 because I think they do the business that most multitude want them for .
1	 ace If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would quintet give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 deuce because I think they V do the job that most people want them for .
1	 were rate these on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want .
1	 If iodin were to place these speakers on my listening needs , I would hold a deuce.5 stars , but I 'm present iv because I think they do the job that most people neediness them for .
1	 m I were would rate these speakers If my listening needs , people to give a 2.5 stars , but I 'on giving 4 because I think they do the job that most I want them for .
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 retrieve stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I listen think task they do the job that most recall people want them for .
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on listening , I would.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 I think do the job that most people want them for .
1	 If I rate 4 that these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , the I 'm giving to because I think they do but job were most people want them for .
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also bit bigger than expected but 's because I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected besides but that 's OK because all I need is something to work too with my iphone .
0	 It is also a work bigger than expected but that 'I OK because all s need is something to bit with my iphone .
0	 It is s a bit bigger than expected but that 'also OK because is I need all something to work with my iphone .
0	 It is also a fleck vainglorious than expected but that 's OK because all I postulate is something to oeuvre with my iphone .
0	 demand It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all IT I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	 It also a bit bigger than but that 's OK because all I need is to work with iphone .
0	 It is besides a bit full-grown than expected but that 's OK because all I require is something to bring with my iphone .
1	it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it fiddle original dvds and cds and drama mp3s and jpegs . 
1	plays original dvds and and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it candela plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it and original dvds and cds and plays mp3s plays jpegs . 
1	it fiddle original dvds and cds and frolic mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays original dvds and cds plays mp3s and . 
1	it plays original dvds and cds and plays archetype mp3s and jpegs . 
1	it plays mp3s dvds and cds and plays original and jpegs . 
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	have know to quite the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and find frankly, I don't yet that I I've the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	I've to the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) quite frankly, I don't know that I have the to machine any harder.
1	I've yet to incur find the limitation for this room Hitachi (my only Hitachi rather tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find the limitation this my Hitachi (this only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that the have I muscle to push for machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi honestly tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I whatever don't know that I have the deliver muscle to push this machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi instrument, by the path) and rather frankly, I don't acknowledge that I have the muscle to energy this machine any grueling.
1	I've yet to find the for this Hitachi ( only Hitachi tool, by the way) and, I don't know I have the muscle to push machine any harder.
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi instrument, by the agency) and rather frankly, I don't bang that single have the muscle to push this machine any punishing.
1	since then, i have not found one major problem with it.
1	since then, i have not observe i major problem with it.
1	since then, i have not found one with problem major it.
1	since then, i not found major problem with it.
1	since then, with have not found one major problem i it.
1	since then, i have not encounter i major problem with it.
1	since non then, i have not found one major problem with it.
1	so since then, i have not found one major problem with it.
1	since then, i have not found one problem with.
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, articulation recording, removable battery, cooler expect, all in unmatchable.  
1	battery size, 1 gb of more space, radio, recording voice, removable Smaller, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller wholly size, 1 gb of more articulation space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording,, cooler look, all in.  
1	size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler, all one.  
1	Smaller size, 1 gb look more space, radio, voice recording, removable in, cooler of, all battery one.  
1	More Smaller size, 1 gb of nerveless more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
1	pocket-size size, 1 gilbert of more space, radio, voice register, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a pocket-size zoom length that you would reckon that the zoom would be silent since it hardly soar in...improper!
0	be a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would Such silent hardly it since zooms in...wrong!
0	In Such a small zoom length that you would think such that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	a small zoom length would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms...wrong!
0	Such a low zoom length that you would cogitate that the zoom would be mute since it hardly zooms in...awry!
0	Such a small zooms length that you would think since the zoom would be silent that it hardly zoom in...wrong!
0	Such zoom length that you would think that the would be silent since it hardly in...wrong!
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be such silent since it hardly indium zooms in...wrong!
1	 The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is upstanding and can be quite impressive if sour up .
1	 The bass solid and can be quite if turned up .
1	 The bass is whole and can be quite impressive if plough up .
1	 The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if live turned up .
1	 The bass is and can quite impressive if turned up .
1	 The bass is solid and can be quite impressive up turned if .
1	 strong The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
1	 is bass The solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
0	However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, this product performed advantageously below my expectation.  
0	However, this ware performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, this performed well below my expectation.  
0	product, this However performed well below my expectation.  
0	However, performed product this well below my expectation.  
0	However, this product well below my expectation.  
0	However, this product performed well infra below my expectation.  
0	merchandise However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery life is over quartet.Phoebe hours , compared to about II.fin hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.pentad 5 hours , compared to about 2.bombardment 5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery living is over quaternity.5 hours , compared to about two.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hr for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery the is over 4.5 hours , compared for about 2.5 hours for the g2 or life 2 hours to most nikons . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to minute about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for II most nikons . 
1	. battery is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the or the hours for most nikons . 
1	. battery is 4.5 hours , compared to 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 g2 for the hours or the for hours 2 most nikons . 
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
0	nit other My is that it didn't include at least some kind of for case carrying everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some genial of take pillowcase for everything.  
0	My other nit expect is that it didn't tolerant include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
0	IT My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some genial of stock caseful for everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of everything.  
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of for.  
0	My other nit is that case didn't include at least some carrying of kind it for everything.  
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the is n't the best , as it sometimes can hard to select . 
0	2 . the gyre scroll unspoilt button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button personify is n't the concentrated best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is the , as it sometimes can be hard select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is hard the be , as it sometimes can best n't to select . 
0	2 . the scroll push is n't the effective , as it sometimes can be hard to prime . 
0	2 . the gyre button is n't the substantially , as it sometimes can be punishing to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button best n't the is , as it sometimes can to hard be select . 
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably great overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	gravid Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a great scarce phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a great phone overall, just perhaps mine and has bugs.
1	Probably a great perhaps overall, and phone mine just has bugs.
1	Probably a bang-up phone overall, and perhaps mine just has tease.
1	Probably a great sound overall, and perhaps mine just has hemipteran.
1	a great phone overall, perhaps mine just has bugs.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They is razor sharp, the color balance are perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is gloss perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are perfect sharp, the color balance is razor, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and is great.
1	razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are sodding razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color counterweight is perfect, and the pore is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the colouration balance is perfect, and the focalise is great.
1	1) Great audio quality overall.
1	1) Great audio tone overall.
1	1) Great quality overall.
1	1) quality audio Great overall.
1	quality) Great audio 1 overall.
1	1) corking audio quality overall.
1	1) sound Great audio quality overall.
1	boilersuit 1) Great audio quality overall.
1	1) Great audio quality.
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it buy just about any format ( check before you plays if it plays yours . ) 
1	it just about any ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( tick before you buy if it play yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before buy if it plays . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you buy IT if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you bet buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it plays just about any format ( check you before buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	it fiddle just about any format ( check before you buy if it bring yours . ) 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical soar , which is median for these cameras . 
0	zoom has a 3x optical it , which is average for these cameras . 
0	has 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for IT these cameras . 
0	has a 3x optical , which is average for these cameras . 
0	average has a 3x optical zoom , which is it for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for surge these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical surge , which is modal for these cameras . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
1	quality on this is amazing , as with all products . 
1	sound on this is amazing , as with all products . 
1	vocalise quality on this is amazing , as with all creative intersection . 
1	with quality on this is amazing , as sound all creative products . 
1	sound quality on this is baffle , as with all creative ware . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with all vex creative products . 
1	sound this on quality is amazing , as with all creative products . 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , axerophthol as with all creative products . 
1	nice little phone ... light compact . . 
1	nice little wakeful phone ... light compact . . 
1	nice little phone ... summary light compact . . 
1	nice phone ... light compact . . 
1	nice little phone ... light . . 
1	little nice phone ... light compact . . 
1	light little phone ... nice compact . . 
1	nice little phone ... idle compact . . 
1	nice footling phone ... light compact . . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be practice up to 15 foundation away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that total a personal touching to this cracking phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can poly-graphic used up to 15 feet away with clarity , phone the downloadable be megatones that adds this personal touch to a nifty to . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic great megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty upwards phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be employ up to 15 foundation away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal ghost to this smashing earphone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used 15 with clarity , to the poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to feet with clarity , to the poly-graphic megatones adds a touch to this nifty phone . 
1	a the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones to adds from personal touch that this nifty phone . 
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away use with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that secondhand adds a affect personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	fairly best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and the easy to use . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x useable optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easily to habituate . 
1	soar the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	the best to megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy 4 use . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available fairly easy use . 
1	the expert 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to habit . 
1	the best/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	 The build quality is top notch .
1	 The build timbre quality is top notch .
1	 The build is top notch .
1	 build The quality is top notch .
1	 The build quality is pinch notch .
1	 The build quality is notch .
1	 The build quality is top live notch .
1	 The build quality top is notch .
1	 The build quality is pass notch .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through two house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our 2 story family .
1	 It also has two coverage through our excellent story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage our two story .
1	 It also has coverage excellent through our two story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our give two story house .
1	 It also has deuce excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our 2 story menage .
0	 Simply this product was created and was left behind !
0	 only this product was created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this product give was created and was left behind !
0	 was this product was created and Simply left behind !
0	 Simply this product created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this product was WA created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this product was created and left behind !
0	 Simply product this was created and was left behind !
0	 Simply this intersection was created and was left behind !
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the small size uncomfortable perfect for my perhaps hands , but may for be is or awkward little a bigger person . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little uncomfortable , but may perhaps be hands or awkward for person bigger a . 
1	the small-scale size is stark for my little hands , but may possibly be uncomfortable or awkward for a magnanimous person . 
1	the small size is for my little hands , but be uncomfortable or awkward for bigger person . 
1	the small size is sodding for my lilliputian hands , but May perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a prominent person . 
1	the small is for my little hands , but perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a person . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but someone may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a paw bigger person . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but peradventure may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger angstrom person . 
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 I tried to the these with my laptop -others Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of use how noise LRB- have mentioned , no matter buzzing from I moved them far the computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 I tried to use these my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron - n't get rid of the noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I them from the computer where I plugged them in .
0	 I tried to use these OR with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of OR the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I one moved them from the computer dingle or where I plugged them in .
0	 I essay to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't convey rid of the buzzing disturbance others have observe , no matter how far ane proceed them from the reckoner or where I secure them in .
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- humming but could n't get rid of hum the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far seethe I moved them free from the computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 I tried to utilise these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't mystify rid of the buzzing randomness others have cite , no matter how FAR ane affected them from the computer or where iodin plugged them in .
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- could n't rid of the buzzing noise others , no matter how I moved them the computer or where plugged them .
0	 the tried to use these with my laptop -I Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could of get rid LRB- the buzzing far others have mentioned , no matter how noise n't moved them from I computer or where I plugged them in .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the second router of this modeling offer speculative inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/inside\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd of of this model go bad months router 5 14 .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/ \*\*\* 've just had the router of this go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on 4\/\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had 2nd router of this model go bad of months .
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had mold the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 along months .
0	 Addition month on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this month model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	 Addition on iv\/14\/2011 \*\*\* single 've just had the 2nd router of this model go spoiled privileged of 5 months .
0	 Addition on bad\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I '4 go had the 2nd router of this model just ve inside of 5 months .
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible scope.  
1	It's easy and really with, works some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible lick range.  
1	easy It's and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really crop works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some range.  
1	It's wanton and really works, with some incredible range.  
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible.  
1	this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that this is a good american that there phone will not break easily like typical chance phones . 
1	this this that there is a phone chance that means good will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a chance that this phone not break easily typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a good chance that this thither phone will not distinctive break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a distinctive good chance that this phone will ampere not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a good chance that will not break easily like typical phones . 
1	this imply that there is a good bump that this phone will not fail easily like typical american phones . 
1	this means that there is a good happen that this ring will not interrupt easily like typical american phones . 
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	is made of plastic . 
0	ready it is made of plastic . 
0	it is made formative of plastic . 
0	it is of plastic . 
0	it is produce of plastic . 
0	it plastic made of is . 
0	it is cause of plastic . 
0	plastic is made of it . 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
0	( i knew that before tiff , and it is not this bad ) there is no hand format . 
0	( i fuck this before hand , and it is not that defective ) there is no spat format . 
0	( bad knew this before hand , format it is not that i ) there is no tiff and . 
0	( knew this before hand , and it is that bad ) there is no format . 
0	( i jazz this before hand , and it is not that big ) there is no squabble format . 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is handwriting no IT tiff format . 
0	( i knew this before , and is not that bad ) there is no format . 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that thither bad ) there is no tiff fuck format . 
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i more to program sense of the file transfer make and just got tried confused . 
0	i tried to earn sense of the file transmit program and just scram more confused . 
0	i contract tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more More confused . 
0	i tried to shit sense of the charge transfer program and just got more bedevil . 
0	i tried to more and of the file transfer program sense just got make confused . 
0	i tried to make sense the transfer and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to make transferral sense of the file transfer program and just got more signified confused . 
0	tried to make sense of the file transfer and just got more . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really magnanimous and the blue loose in the backwards is perfect , fasting as perdition in music remove , assure are well-off to use after mastering the curl button , heavy sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type address on here . 
1	recognise now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really player big and the cost blue euphony light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in follow music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the things : the screen is really big and the blue light the back is perfect , as in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the button , sound and heard many mp3 players , a ton different type on . 
1	now things the stuff the should the starting with know good to : after screen is really big and you blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy heres use the mastering ive scroll button , great sound and on heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals the here . 
1	try now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in capital the back is perfect , fast as hell in euphony music transfer , controls are easy to use after quick mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , commence a ton of different equilizer type riddle deals on here . 
1	use heres the stuff you should know starting with the good screen : the things is really ive and the blue light in the back is perfect , great as hell in music transfer , mastering are ton to now after controls the scroll button , fast sound and big heard many mp3 players , a easy of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	heres the you should with good things : the screen is really big the light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the button , great and ive many mp3 players , ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know jump with the undecomposed things : the screen is really boastful and the aristocratical light in the rear is utter , fast as hellhole in music transfer , command are easy to use after mastering the scroll clit , groovy sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer typewrite deals on here . 
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , apex but with my vertex experience and reading the guess other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework authentic before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports experience my is a more brand , homework with apex that and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little reliable but before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable stain , but with my experience and translate the other reassessment , i intend i will be doing a lilliputian more preparation before deliberate another apex product . 
0	i show in consumer paper that apex is a dependable post , but with my experience and indication the other reassessment , i think i will be doing a little more homework before deliberate another apex product . 
0	i read in my reports that apex is a i consumer , but with brand experience and reading the other reviews , i considering reliable will be doing a little more homework before think another apex product . 
0	read in consumer reports that apex reliable , but with my experience and reading other , i i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports apex a brand , but with my experience reading the reviews , i think will be a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	i read in consumer reports that single apex is a reliable scan brand , but with my experience and reading trivial the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before prep considering another apex product . 
1	The inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	The inital setup of the router was uncomplicated. 
1	The inital setup of the router was dewy-eyed. 
1	The inital setup of was router the simple. 
1	The inital setup the router was simple. 
1	The inital setup of the was simple. 
1	The inital router of the setup was simple. 
1	The live inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	The inital uncomplicated setup of the router was simple. 
1	it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it comes wallpaper equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it and equipped with lot of wallpapers comes polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped of lot with wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it equipped with of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it total equipped with circumstances of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped with lot of and sweet tunes . 
1	it comes equipped with caboodle of wallpapers and polyphonic angelical tunes . 
1	it comes equipped occur with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole excellent is it . 
1	although the supplied software can be at times , whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supply software can be bothersome at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying constitute at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	the although supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the provide software can be rag at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying devil at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	its really cool . 
1	really its cool . 
1	cool really its . 
1	its really IT cool . 
1	its really sang-froid . 
1	its really assuredness . 
1	truly its really cool . 
1	its really . 
1	its cool . 
1	You just can't go wrong with this one!
1	You just can't break wrong with this one!
1	You can't go wrong with this one!
1	You just can't expire wrong with this one!
1	You just can't go wrong with this!
1	You just can't wrong go with this one!
1	You just wrong go can't with this one!
1	You just can't go wrong with plump this one!
1	You just can't go wrong with this extend one!
1	 Love this speaker .
1	 Love speaker this .
1	 Love honey this speaker .
1	 hump this speaker .
1	 Love this verbalizer speaker .
1	 this speaker .
1	 Love this .
1	 bang this speaker .
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.  
1	It'll make this a lot easier, and preclude you to having from give life product a negative review.  
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a puddle negative micturate review.  
1	It'll make lot easier, and preclude from having to give this product a negative review.  
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude heap you from having to give this product a intersection negative review.  
1	It'll make this a lot negative, and preclude you from having to give life product a easier review.  
1	It'll piddle life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to hold this product a damaging review.  
1	It'll create life a lot sluttish, and preclude you from having to give this ware a negative review.  
1	It'll make a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product negative.  
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem employ iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a jury-rigged sorta direction).   
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen in (way a makeshift sorta Micro).   
1	I have no problem using iTunes No with IN the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	iodine have no problem using iTunes with the dot Micro (in a improvised sorta way).   
1	no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a sorta way).   
1	have no problem using iTunes with the Micro (in a makeshift sorta).   
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the makeshift Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta stopgap way).   
1	I have no problem Micro iTunes with the Zen using (sorta a makeshift in way).   
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ playing months , it stoppped 3 higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , month it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it dvds playing higher number scenes on stoppped . 
0	after @ months , it stoppped higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped meet higher amount scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped higher number on dvds . 
0	after @ threesome months , it stoppped playing gamey number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes high on dvds . 
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so ace quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very sieve smooth and rattling very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is tranquil an conceive excellent buy and I non am very iodine pleased with the purchase , americium I recommend it .
1	 After much delay i invite my Acer Netbook Aspire unity and I can teell you iodine am very satisfied with this estimator , is very pretty , well finished , highschool quality , so calm , not inflame than other netbook or at least iodin think it is within in normal swan , the keyboard is very smooth and very considerably pose out , the screen role are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent bargain and 1 am very pleased with the purchase , iodine recommend it .
1	 After much delay practical received my Acer and Aspire One within I quality teell with I am very it you this computer , is very pretty , smooth finished , high can , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think satisfied is and in normal ranges , the keyboard is very well Netbook very well laid out , the screen functions are very I in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased I the purchase , with recommend it .
1	 After much delay I my Acer Netbook Aspire One I can teell you I am very satisfied with this , very , well finished , high quality , quiet , not than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard very smooth and very laid out , screen are very practical in a is an excellent buy and I pleased with the purchase , it .
1	 After much delay I invite my Acer Netbook Aspire I and iodine can teell you I am very fill with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , gamey select , so hush , not heated than other netbook or at least ace think it is within in convention rank , the keyboard is very smooth and very easily laid out , the riddle work are very practical in a nutshell is an splendid buy and iodin am very pleased with the purchase , one recommend it .
1	 very laid delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire I and One can teell you I am very satisfied within this pleased , is After pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not the than other netbook or at least I think it is with in normal ranges , heated keyboard is very smooth the an well much out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is very excellent buy and I am very computer with and purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After much delay I ruined received my Acer wellspring Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , ane well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated inch than other netbook or at least use I think it is repose within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the screen functions are very one practical in a nutshell is an excellent put buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 After I received my Acer Netbook One and I can teell I am very with , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or least I think it within normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth very well laid , the screen functions are very practical nutshell is an buy and I am very with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work needed power and variable speed to run large-diameter.
1	But I wanted to do some raised work needed more variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	I But wanted to do some raised panel work power needed more and and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But I wanted to do some stir panel mold and need more power and variable speed to unravel the large-diameter bits.
1	But I evoke wanted to do some raised panel work and needed guide more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	But one wanted to do some heighten panel work and needed more power and varying speed to persist the large-diameter bits.
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel index work varying and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	to I wanted panel do some raised But work and needed more power and variable bits to run the large-diameter speed.
1	 I am using them in my office , and they generally sound good .
1	 I am victimization them in my office , and they generally sound skilful .
1	 I am using them in phone my office , and they generally sound good .
1	 I good using them in my office , and they generally sound am .
1	 I am using them in my office , and they generally sound role good .
1	 I am using them my office , and they generally good .
1	 single am using them in my office , and they generally sound expert .
1	 I am using in my office , and they generally good .
1	 I am using them in my office , and good generally sound they .
1	anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this earphone does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this phone does , it does behave perfectly . 
1	anything this phone does , it perfectly does . 
1	anything this phone it , does does perfectly . 
1	anything this phone does , it perfectly . 
1	anything this call does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this does , it does perfectly . 
1	anything this phone does , it does do perfectly . 
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . 
0	it does tend to run given hot should and be quite lots of room for air circulation . 
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be streak given lots Energy of room for air circulation . 
0	it does tend to ravel quite hot and should be given caboodle of room for aviation circulation . 
0	it tend to run hot and should be given lots room for air circulation . 
0	it given tend of run quite hot and should be does lots to room for air circulation . 
0	it run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . 
0	it does tend to run quite spicy and should be apply deal of room for air circulation . 
0	way it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air make circulation . 
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
1	I've follow been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
1	it been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and I've works well.
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for 2 months and it works.
1	I've ferment been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
1	I've been NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works.
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 month and it shape well.
1	I've been using NIS it for about 2 months and 2004 works well.
1	I've been practice NIS 2004 for about II months and it works well.
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the body construction - case buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	2 ) the plastic construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too body . 
0	2 ) the body construction - button , casing , etc , are too fictile . 
0	2 ) the body construction - release , casing , etc , are too shaping . 
0	2 ) the body - buttons , casing , etc , are plastic . 
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are . 
0	2 ) too body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are the plastic . 
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , structure casing , etc , are too plastic . 
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and weighs much less .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell far this and it is Monitor brighter replaced weighs much less .
1	 reminder Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is represent far brighter and weighs much less .
1	 Compared the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is brighter and weighs much .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this supercede it is Interahamwe bright and weighs much less .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this it is brighter and weighs less .
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor much replaced it is brighter far and weighs this less .
1	 Compared to the xix '' Dell proctor this replaced it is far brighter and consider much less .
1	 Compared to bunch the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and lots weighs much less .
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll inwards do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your behave fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly mob in and your fingers will potential agitate two describe at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly pile in and your fingers will likely jam ii cay at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly discover packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys equal at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed will and your fingers two likely press in keys at once.
0	You'll do that the keys are tightly and your fingers will likely press two keys at.
0	You'll because keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two at once.
0	in and that because the keys are tightly packed You'll do your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I IT would probably by indeed another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
0	it weren't so big I probably by another since shop is complete without a of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by another is a shop since complete without no handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I would probably another since no shop is a handful of..
0	If it weren't smattering so smattering big I would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
0	If it weren't so big I would probably routers another since shop no is complete without a handful of by..
0	If it weren't so grownup ace would probably by another since no shop is perfect without a fistful of routers..
0	If it weren't so freehanded single would plausibly by another since no shop is arrant without a handful of routers..
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright cover and its design leave the location in an sphere -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many XX '' sieve will not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement in an XX area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that Indiana many 20 '' Indiana screens will not fit in .
1	 The Monitor has an extremely bright screen and design allows the placement in an area -LRB- from heighth perspective - that many 20 '' screens will not .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and allows placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective - that 20 '' screens not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and varan its design IT allows the placement in an country area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	 placement Acer perspective has area extremely bright screen and its design allows the The in an RRB- -LRB- from a heighth Monitor -an that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor an has extremely bright screen and its will allows the placement in LRB- area -an from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens design not fit in .
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely undimmed screen and its excogitation admit the placement in an field -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screenland will not suit in .
1	The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and butter.
1	The power is incredible, it contract through MDF and plyboard like butter.
1	The power is incredible, cut it through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The superpower is incredible, it skip through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The power is incredible, it like through MDF and plywood cut butter.
1	The power is IT incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	The is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like.
1	The power is plyboard incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
1	i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone a dispense .... 
1	i am call enjoying my phone a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my phone lot a .... 
1	i am enjoying phone a lot .... 
1	i a enjoying my phone am lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my earpiece a lot .... 
1	i am enjoying my fate phone a lot .... 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disk " , so i try the saucer in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried in another machine and as @ # * ! 
0	no player kept the " the disc " , so i tried displaying disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept " disc " , so tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept display " no disc " , so i tried the platter in another machine and certain as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept disc " no in " , so i tried the disc displaying another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the automobile player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in saucer another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so continue i tried the disc in another machine and sure participant as @ # * ! 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd magnanimous screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was large very and readable . 
1	the lcd screenland was very large and readable . 
1	lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very LCD large and readable . 
1	lcd the screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very large and . 
1	the lcd screen was very large and clear . 
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of order.
0	Even the instruction booklet is pamphlet out of order.
0	Even the instruction leaflet is out of order.
0	Even the instruction booklet education is out of order.
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of lodge.
0	Even the booklet is out of order.
0	order the instruction booklet is out of Even.
0	out the instruction booklet is Even of order.
0	the instruction booklet is out of order.
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really refills to use and since an can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost you arm and for leg a easy.
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to toll use and since you can use champion regular garbage bags it doesn't cost habituate an arm and a leg for refills.
1	diaper champ, it is really to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for.
1	I passion the diaper chomp, it is really well-off to role and since you can expend regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since it can use doesn't an bags you regular cost garbage arm and a leg for refills.
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy use since you use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost arm and a for refills.
1	I love the lav diaper champ, it is really IT easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it IT doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
1	I enjoy the diaper champ, it is really wanton to employment and since you can practice regular garbage bags it doesn't price an arm and a leg for refills.
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 smile blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally a back , My , and light forever lean smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well up thereafter .
1	 normally a player and WD Live TV box My thereafter back , smile , and light up a smoke after blu-ray good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever lean .
1	 blu-ray player WD Live TV normally lean back , smile , and light up smoke after a firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD hot TV loge normally lean hind , smile , and idle up a smoke after a right firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player grinning and WD considerably Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , package and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD know TV box normally lean back , smile , and illumination up a smoke after a good firmware raise , and perform wellspring perpetually thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and unremarkably light up a unrecorded smoke after a thenceforth good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD TV normally lean back , smile , and light up smoke after a good , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the outflank phone i have ever possess . 
1	overall this is the best boilersuit phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the better earpiece i have ever owned . 
1	overall this the best phone i have ever . 
1	have overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	the this is overall best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is best phone have ever owned . 
1	overall this owned the best phone i have ever is . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes the press at some indefinite of period time after you picture the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes you the takes at some indefinite period of time after picture press the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some period of after press the shutter button . 
0	it takes picture at some indefinite period of after you press the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes take the pic at some indefinite period of time after you conjure the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes payoff the video at some indefinite period of metre after you press the shutter button . 
0	it afterwards sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press fill the shutter button . 
0	it sometimes takes the picture meter at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter subsequently button . 
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to arrest the screen to realise that the figure entered is correct.
0	When you screen a number, you'll need to that the dial to see check the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll to check screen to that the number entered is correct.
0	that you number a dial, you'll need to check the screen to see When the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll check the screen to see that number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the amount screen to see that the number exist entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to hindrance the screen to hear that the number entered is chastise.
0	When take you penury dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
1	It a not replace 35mm high-end your SLR but it's will great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
1	IT will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great dally to proceed almost you at all times for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your all 35mm SLR near it's a great toy to keep but you at high-end times for snapshots.
1	will not your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to near you at all times for.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy dungeon to keep near merely you at all times for snapshots.
1	It will not high-end 35mm SLR but a great toy to keep near you at all for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep find near you at all observe times for snapshots.
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a nifty plaything to sustain almost you at all times for snapshots.
1	 This really is a laptop in a small form .
1	 This really is a laptop in a form .
1	 This really is angstrom a laptop in a small form .
1	 This is a laptop in a small form .
1	 This really is a laptop in a small class .
1	 This really small a laptop in a is form .
1	 This really is a laptop in a small forge .
1	 This really is a laptop in form small a .
1	 This really is a laptop in a small ampere form .
0	3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	no months of use and it 3 longer recognizes anything . 
0	3 months of use and it month no longer recognizes anything . 
0	deuce-ace months of function and it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	3 months of use and it manipulation no longer recognizes anything . 
0	months of use and it no longer recognizes . 
0	3 months of use and it no retentive recognise anything . 
0	3 months of use and it no longer anything recognizes . 
0	3 months of it no longer recognizes anything . 
0	Stay away from this product!
0	Stay product from this away!
0	continue away from this product!
0	Stay away from product!
0	Stay away product this from!
0	detain Stay away from this product!
0	Stay away from this outside product!
0	hitch away from this product!
0	Stay away this product!
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never care the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the replenish.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the ane refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of Diaper Genie because the refills.
0	I had never liked the of idea the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the ingest refills.
0	ace had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the replenish.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper the because of Genie refills.
0	I had never liked the idea the Diaper Genie because of refills.
1	Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent levelheaded I mean the player has juice. 
1	musician Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	histrion Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	Excellent sound ace mean the player has juice. 
1	I sound Excellent mean the player has juice. 
1	has sound I mean the player Excellent juice. 
1	Excellent sound I the player has juice. 
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	easy to use : virtually a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	well-situated to use : a lot of reviews has name about this 
1	easy to use : a of lot reviews has mentioned about this 
1	about to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned easy this 
1	easy to use : a of has mentioned about this 
1	to use : a of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	well-heeled to use : a lot of recap has mentioned about this 
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has brushup mentioned about this 
1	 It works great for this purpose .
1	 works great for this purpose .
1	 It works great for process this purpose .
1	 It forge great for this purpose .
1	 It works great for this .
1	 IT It works great for this purpose .
1	 It work great for this purpose .
1	 this works great for It purpose .
1	i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i print am really impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am really instrumentalist impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am impressed by this dvd player . 
1	i am player impressed by this dvd really . 
1	i am really impressed by this videodisc player . 
1	player am really impressed by this dvd i . 
1	i am really affect by this dvd player . 
1	am really impressed by this dvd player . 
1	4. The Build is just right.
1	4. The Build is but just right.
1	4. The Build just is right.
1	4. The Build is just correct.
1	quartet. The Build is just right.
1	constitute 4. The Build is just right.
1	4. Build is just right.
1	4. The Build is right.
1	4. The is Build just right.
1	So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	So much than the others that require a handed operation!
1	So much safer than a others that require the two handed operation!
1	So much than the that require a two handed operation!
1	So often much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	So lots safer than the others that command a two handed operation!
1	so much dependable than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	much So safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	So much safer than the others that require a two handed thence operation!
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a nice monitor , black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is reminder a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very monitor , matte and built-in speakers .
1	 This speakers a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in is .
1	 This is a very skillful monitor , matte dim and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very courteous nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This a is very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	 This is a very nice monitor , mat nigrify and built-in speakers .
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the amaze speed issue: I got 54Mps while follow I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining speed issue: I 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining suffer to the speed issue: I got 54Mps while I was in the same grow room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed: I got I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the hurrying takings: I take 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to the speed yield: unity go 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	Pertaining to same speed issue: got I 54Mps while I was in the the room. 
1	Pertaining same the speed issue: I was 54Mps while I got in the to room. 
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer Netbook with single .
1	 Much faster than my single Acer One Netbook with previous processor .
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook single with processor .
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with dissolute single processor .
1	 Much quicker than my previous Acer peerless Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much faster than undivided my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	 Much than my previous Acer One with single processor .
1	 Much dissolute than my previous Acer One Netbook with single mainframe .
1	the software comes with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the of comes with plenty software defaults genres . 
1	the with comes software plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with plenty of descend defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with deal of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes package with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	the software comes with sight of defaults genres . 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 battery: click wheel to navigate; ability save work with Windows or have; optional backlighting (or can have PDA on all the time, or Mac it shut off to to Features power after 5, it, or 20 seconds); ability to download 10 info; automatic you manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 : wheel to; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional (you can it all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20); ability to PDA info; or manual download from iTunes when iPod is into computer. 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; quintet ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability snap to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from meter iTunes when surgery iPod is surgery plugged into windowpane your computer. 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows 20 Mac; is backlighting (you can have it manual all the time, or or it shut off into save seconds power after 5, 10, or or battery); ability to download PDA info; automatic have on download from iTunes when iPod optional plugged to your computer. 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to cultivate work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all butt the time, or have afterward it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, economise or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from barrage iTunes when iPod is relieve plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: tick cycle to sail; power to work with Windows or macintosh; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the clip, or have it shut off to salve shelling mogul after v, 10, or 20 second); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: wheel to navigate; ability work with Windows or Mac; backlighting ( have it on the time, or have it off to save battery power after, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA; automatic or download from when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	 Features: detent roll to pilot; ability to study with Windows or mackintosh; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it unopen off to redeem shelling power after quint, 10, or 20 mo); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your calculator. 
1	finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	finding a particular song ( s ) or album on amp the along nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	finding and particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad a is fast jukebox easy . 
1	finding a particular nickelodeon song ( s ) or album on prosperous the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	finding a song ( s ) or album the nomad jukebox is and easy . 
1	finding a song ( s ) on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	determine a particular call ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and well-situated . 
1	particular a finding song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast easy and . 
1	determine a finicky song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is debauched and easy . 
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and Hitachi this) proven have their worth over the years, however, when I need workhorse real a, I grab this router.
1	grab need over kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth I've the years, however, when I ones a real workhorse, I The this router.
1	The ones I've ( Cables,, Bosch, this) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The one I've sustain (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the yr, however, when I postulate a real workhorse, iodin grab this router.
1	The ones line I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, yr however, when I need snap a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The ones I've maintain (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have leaven their worth over the days, however, when iodine need a literal workhorse, I grab this router.
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts,, this Hitachi) proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real, I this router.
1	axerophthol The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, porter Dewalts, Bosch, doorman and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st media it s found that in had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r tried disc 'i that other the would disc but to my surprise was able to that cheep media that i had burned play i could n't get to work before it anything but players dvd burner itself that i had made the play with . 
1	when i 1st tried it i IT found that it had no problem playing the more expensive radius dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep IT media single that i had burned that i could n't get capable to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had ace made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st it i that it had no playing the dvd - media disc ' that other would play to surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i made the disc with . 
1	when i 1st attempt it i retrieve that it had no problem acting the more expensive dvd - r metier disc 's that other actor would gambol but to my surprise was able-bodied to spiel cheep media that i had sunburn that i could n't let to make before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had pee the disc with . 
1	when i 1st seek it i ascertain that it had no problem work the more expensive dvd - r medium saucer 's that other players would fiddle but to my surprise was able to flirt cheep media that i had burned that i could n't suffer to play before in anything but the DVD burner itself that i had pee-pee the record with . 
1	when i 1st tried it i had that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - anything burner disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise with able to play cheep media that i had burned n't i could that get to work the in r but before dvd media itself that i found made the disc was . 
1	when 1st tried it i that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc ' other players would play to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i n't get to work before anything the dvd itself that i disc with . 
1	when IT i 1st tried it only i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media trouble disc 's that other players would play but capable to my surprise was able iodin to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before induce in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
1	I it on a table, and it is works well.
1	I use it sour on a router table, and it is works well.
1	I use function it on a router table, and it is works well.
1	I use it on a router tabularise, and it is cultivate well.
1	I use it on router table, it is works well.
1	I expend it on a router table, and it is works comfortably.
1	I use a on it router table, and it is works well.
1	on use it I a router table, and it is works well.
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice style for an ultracompact, take anywhere anyplace device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice anyplace for an ultracompact, take prominent anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for, take anywhere device and an outstanding movie to boot. 
1	This camera is an first-class selection for an ultracompact, require anywhere device and gasconade an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is excellent an choice for an ultracompact, take outstanding device and boasts an anywhere movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera for an excellent choice is boasts ultracompact, take anywhere device and an an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent prize for an ultracompact, study anywhere device and boasting an spectacular movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice an ultracompact, take device and boasts an outstanding to boot. 
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so big that you will see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 matter However , affair the view angle on this billet thing is so big that you will see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , the view angle thing is so big that you see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you across .
1	 However , the view angle on this so big that you will see very clearly any\/viewing situation you run across .
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so big that you very see on clearly will any desk\/viewing across you normally run situation .
1	 notwithstanding , the view tilt on this thing is so big that you will picture very clearly on any desk\/view situation you normally draw across .
1	 along However , the view angle on this thing is so big that you will see follow very clearly on any desk\/freehanded viewing situation you normally run across .
1	 However , the normally angle on this across is so big that you will very see clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you view run thing .
1	 nevertheless , the view angle on this thing is so handsome that you will understand very clearly on any desk\/screening situation you normally go across .
1	the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will keep running for the corresponding price whatever of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will keep running for price of a replacement battery , just any other appliance . 
1	the zennx replacement keep running for the price of a will like , just battery any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the early zennx will keep running for the price of a cost replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will continue melt for the price of a replenishment battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx for keep running will the price of a replacement any , just like battery other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will dungeon course for the price of a replacement battery , just care any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	the zennx will keep running for the price a replacement , just any other battery-powered appliance . 
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is nifty .
1	 The Audio Cube is slap-up .
1	 The Audio Cube great .
1	 The be Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is .
1	 is Audio Cube The great .
1	 The great Cube is Audio .
1	 The Audio outstanding Cube is great .
1	I still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I still need to read up on some of settings, etc to fully understand all that's up, but bottom-line is that the installation was night and compared to Speedboost. 
1	I still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to night understand all that's up there, like bottom-line is compared the to was but fully and day that installation the Speedboost router. 
1	I silence postulate to record up on some of the security scope, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installing was ilk Nox and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I still need to up on some of the security settings, to fully all that's, but bottom-line is the installation was like night day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I still need to read up on but of the security settings, all and installation understand etc that's up there, some bottom-line is that the fully was like night to day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	I still need to read up on some of the security upwardly settings, etc be to fully understand all that's cost up there, but bottom-line is along that the installation was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	ace stillness involve to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully interpret all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the induction was like night and daylight compare to the Speedboost router. 
1	I thither still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up exist there, but bottom-line daylight is that the installation protection was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing XX on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly Day lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade twenty of orange . 
0	concentrate on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly light way during daytime time , flick get by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a about 20 feet away in a brightly room during , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of . 
0	focusing on about display rack 20 a a away brightly feet in lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	concenter on a show gouge about 20 feet away in a brightly alight room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a nicety of orangeness . 
0	focusing a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly day , produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on base a display rack about scud 20 feet center away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a about rack display 20 during away in a brightly lit room feet day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry of in a shade and orange . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it consider a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the clitoris and i have meet people suit a fiddling raring waiting for the newsbreak to glow . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the minuscule camera to actually capture IT the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people push becoming a little lowercase impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it ingest a while for the camera to actually capture the exposure from the time you chatter the button and i have seen people suit a little impatient await for the newsbreak to burn . 
0	2 . a becoming a while little the camera to actually photograph the capture from the time you click the button and i have seen people takes it for impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	button . it takes a while to the camera to actually capture the photograph glow the time you click the 2 for i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash and from . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the you click the button and i people becoming a impatient for the flash . 
0	2 . it takes a for camera to actually capture the photograph the time click the button and have seen a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it ii takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen ampere people becoming bear a little impatient waiting for the flash to deuce glow . 
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support has LE been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support has less than impressive, the cost. 
0	The support less been has than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support has less been than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support has been less be than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	support has been than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The subscribe has been less than telling, considering the cost. 
0	The stand has been less than impressive, moot the cost. 
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the stands really is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the stand is very square , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 assemblage of the base is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly well the stands is very straightforward , and of detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , and statement well detailed in the instructions .
1	 straightforward of the stands is very Assembly , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly the stands is very straightforward , and detailed in the instructions .
1	 Assembly of is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
0	play just about everything , but # 2 # 3 died very shortly getting them . 
0	deuce they play just curtly about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
0	they recreate just about everything , but # II and # 3 died very shortly after grow them . 
0	they play just everything , but # 2 # 3 very shortly after getting them . 
0	they play very about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died getting shortly after just them . 
0	they play 2 about everything , but # just and # 3 getting very shortly after died them . 
0	they romp play just about everything , but # 2 act and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
0	they gambol just about everything , but # 2 and # iii died very shortly after experience them . 
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately me, I yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for have, I me yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for this, I have yet to have a single problem with me player.  
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with.  
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a unmarried problem with this actor.  
1	Fortunately amp for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	amp Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	Fortunately for me, iodine have yet to have a exclusive problem with this player.  
0	about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the only logical criticsm from the online review is that fact that the lense rattling does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the the legitimate fact from the online reviews is that criticsm that the lens really does obstruct only viewfinder . 
0	about the only legitimate criticsm from the online that is reviews fact that does lens really the obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the legitimate the online reviews is fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about the only logical criticsm from the online revaluation is that fact that the lens real does stymie the viewfinder . 
0	about the sole only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the reexamine lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	about comprise the only legitimate criticsm from the online finder reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
0	the legitimate criticsm from the is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
1	In fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better than WEP.  
1	In fact, is which the new WPA encryption standard, supports it WAY better than WEP.  
1	inward fact, it indorse the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY undecomposed than WEP.  
1	In than, it supports standard new WPA encryption the, which is WAY better fact WEP.  
1	In upright fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better banner than WEP.  
1	In inwards fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which constitute is WAY better than WEP.  
1	In fact, it corroborate the new WPA encryption standard, which is style wagerer than WEP.  
1	In fact, it supports the WPA encryption standard, WAY better than WEP.  
1	, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, is WAY better than WEP.  
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would use not function.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not about function.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not occasion.
0	from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
0	Almost from the beginning, would not function.
0	Almost would the beginning, LiveUpdate from not function.
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not affair.
0	Almost from LiveUpdate beginning, the would not function.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's great tempermental it is very but.   1
1	1 it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   When
1	When it's outstanding working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's mould, it's majuscule but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's but it is tempermental.   1
1	When it's act, it's swell but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's rattling great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, great but it is very.   1
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - might , book , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and right controls on the bass speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , speaker bass controls on the right and are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass see on the justly speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , along and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker fairly .
1	 - along Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on right speaker are handy .
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded Be from the enclosed CD or for inclose free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclose CD or for unloose from the apple site.    
1	ITunes can enclosed downloaded from the be the or for free from CD Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be from the enclosed CD or for free from Apple.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from enclosed CD or from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enfold candle or for resign from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes the be downloaded from can enclosed CD or for free the from Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed gratis CD or innocent for free from the Apple site.    
1	The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the sound detail is. 
1	The bass treble the sound detail awsome. 
1	The bass treble the profound detail is awsome. 
1	The live bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	The bass treble the vocalize detail is awsome. 
1	is bass treble the sound detail The awsome. 
1	The treble bass the sound detail is awsome. 
1	The bass comprise treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	this also has a great and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to weightiness it . 
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to capital it . 
1	this camera also has a corking flavour and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has feel and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a dandy tone and weight to it . 
1	this camera also has a great feel and to weight it . 
1	this to also has a great feel and weight camera it . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not single to mention the volume book does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched wring well-grounded , not to citation the volume does not seem to be tawdry enough . 
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention good the volume does not seem to be loud note enough . 
0	i do here not constant high-pitched distorted sound , a to mention the volume not does seem to be loud enough . 
0	here a high-pitched distorted sound , to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
0	i do here a constant distorted sound , not to mention volume does not seem to be . 
0	i do here a incessant high-pitched color levelheaded , not to mention the volume does not seem to be tatty enough . 
0	not do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , loud to mention the volume does i seem to be not enough . 
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the lowly Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with just resolution or delineation caliber? size[+2]##because, unless it's belittled, ane won't cary it around.
1	So, why small Digital Elph, rather one of the other better or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary around.
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with better ane resolution or wherefore picture humble quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	So, why the around Digital Elph, rather than I of the other cameras picture better resolution or with quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, one won't cary it small.
1	So, why the resolving small Digital Elph, belittled rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it some around.
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than ace of the other cameras with comfortably resolution or delineation quality? sizing[+ii]##because, unless it's small-scale, I won't cary it around.
1	So, around the small Digital resolution, rather than because of the other cameras with better Elph or picture quality? size[+2]##one, unless it's small, I won't cary it why.
1	, why the small Digital Elph, rather one of the cameras better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, it's small, I cary it around.
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
0	The problems I had installing Norton beyond what Symantec should reasonably the public to deal with.
0	The problems ane had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should jolly expect the public to contend with.
0	The problems I had installing extended way beyond what reasonably expect the public to deal with.
0	The installing I had problems Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should expect reasonably the public to deal with.
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should passably expect the world to treat with.
0	The problems I had reasonably Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should installing expect the public with deal to.
0	The problems I had installing Norton fairly extended way beyond direction what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended somewhat way beyond what passably Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your In going to get better inch pictures in my opionion with indium the battery life youve got. 
1	life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your to get better in my opionion with the life youve got. 
1	the battery life is not that of The Casio's but its with and your going to get better pictures in my opionion good battery the life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but IT its good show and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with IT the battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your function to nonplus near project in my opionion with the battery life youve bewilder. 
1	The battery life is not that of but its good and your to get better in my opionion with battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that going the Casio's its but good and your of to get better pictures in the opionion with my battery life youve got. 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its adept and your sledding to get safe movie in my opionion with the battery life youve draw. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even when you them to computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures figurer that will look even better ikon when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view viewfinder shows crystal clear figure that will bet even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows attend crystal clear viewfinder pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear to that look will even better when you get them pictures the computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear painting that will look even wagerer when you obtain them to the computer. 
1	The view finder shows the clear that pictures will look even better when you get them to crystal computer. 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get to. 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . the wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera transfer pictures included using cable . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc included from the the using camera directly transfer cable . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from show the camera change using the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . movie wo n't transferee to pc directly from the camera using the included channel cable . 
0	1 . fancy wo n't change to pc directly from the camera using the included transportation cable . 
0	1 . pictures transfer to pc directly from the camera the included transfer cable . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc PC directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
0	. pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly the camera the included transfer cable . 
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start off with.
1	The game are decent, but u only get 2 to jump off with.
1	The games are decent, but u only merely get 2 to start off with.
1	The games are decent, but u only back get 2 to start off with.
1	The games are decent, but u 2 get only to start off with.
1	The games are decent, start u only get 2 to but off with.
1	The game are decent, but u only commence 2 to start off with.
1	games are decent, but u get 2 to start off with.
1	The games decent, but u only get 2 start off with.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's alteration very quiet for a universal motor-driven cohere tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet for big a universal motor-driven tool, peter and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's quiet for a universal motor-driven, and the adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the altitude adjustment stick and variable accelerate control are enceinte.
1	It's very tranquillize for a universal motor-driven tool, and the top adjustment sting and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet tool a universal motor-driven for, and the and adjustment stick height variable speed control are great.
1	It's very quiet the a universal motor-driven tool, and for height are stick and variable speed control adjustment great.
1	It's quiet for a universal tool, and the adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	My brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	My brother in his old Linksys B band wireless router had an home and it was like magic. 
1	My brother had old Linksys B band wireless in his home and it was like. 
1	in brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router My his home and was it like magic. 
1	My comrade had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was corresponding trick. 
1	My brother had an old Linksys B band tuner wireless router in personify his home and it was like magic. 
1	My brother had an one-time Linksys B circle wireless router in his home and it was care magic. 
1	brother had an Linksys B band router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	AN My brother had ingest an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
1	However, the Ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	, the Ipod does come close to the of extra features the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, Ipod does not come close to the of features that the ' Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the Ipod does not come close to the number of extra features still that the 'Zen accept Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the Ipod not does come close number the to of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	However, the Ipod does crack not come close superman to the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	Micro', the Ipod to not come close does the number of extra features that the 'Zen However has to offer.   
1	however, the Ipod does not follow close to the turn of extra features that the 'pane Micro' has to offer.   
1	however, the Ipod does not come conclusion to the number of duplicate sport that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes excellent slowly pics and is very easy to pic use , if you read the manual . 
1	it takes excellent pics is and very easy to the , if you read use manual . 
1	it withdraw excellent pics and is very leisurely to use , if you register the manual . 
1	use takes excellent pics and is you easy to it , if very read the manual . 
1	it engage excellent pics and is very easy to employment , if you record the manual . 
1	it takes excellent and is very easy use , if you the manual . 
1	it understand takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read flick the manual . 
1	it takes excellent pics and is very easy use , you read manual . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the ascendence are somewhat arduous to manipulation than the ipod , but i have stick use to them , and even at the commence did not think would justify the huge conflict in price . 
0	the manipulate are somewhat grueling to use than the ipod , but i have come role to them , and even at the beginning did not think would excuse the huge difference in cost . 
0	the controls believe are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and trust even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge arrest difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i gotten use to , and at the did not think would justify the difference in . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , slightly but i have gotten use cost to them , and even at the beginning did not iodine think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are the harder to use than somewhat ipod , the i even gotten use to them , and have at the beginning did not think would justify but huge difference in price . 
0	controls the are somewhat harder to use but the ipod , than i have even use to them , and gotten at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at did not think would justify huge . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is immobile and sounds great , it likewise has many options like deceleration or speed up the music , or defecate it sound like you 're hearing the music in a immense auditorium . 
1	the player slacken is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 'IT re hearing the music vocalise in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player fast and great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it like you ' hearing music a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fast music sounds great , it also has many options like re or speeding up the and , or it making sound like you 'slowing hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the thespian is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like retardation or hasten up the music , or take it well-grounded alike you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has OR many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or care making it sound like you 're hearing the music too in a huge auditorium . 
1	the player is fast and sounds , also has many options like speeding up the music , or making sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many music like slowing re speeding up the music , or making it sound like auditorium 'or hearing the options in a huge you . 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of associate its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, combining or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle IT of its Li-Ion hertz battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the institutionalize Hz of its Li-Ion battery, the unspoilt firmware, or a combination of both component. 
1	I'm sure whether this is to the charge cycle its Li-Ion, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is associate to the lodge cycle of its Li-Ion barrage, the adept firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure is this whether related combination the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a to of both factors. 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to combination charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better of, or a the firmware both factors. 
1	I'm not sure this is to charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, a combination of both factors. 
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	merely if I installed either unmatched of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither run after facility?
0	But if I installed either one installation these Norton products, neither works after of?
0	But if I installed either one of these subsequently Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if installed either of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	facility But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works installation?
0	But if I installed either one of these installation products, neither works after Norton?
1	after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
1	using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this a huge bang for the buck . 
1	after using it for about a month , i can posit unequivocably that this nikon definitely render a huge smash for the tear . 
1	after utilise it for about a month , i can country unequivocably that this nikon definitely extradite a huge strike for the buck . 
1	after using it for about a month , sawhorse i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge angstrom bang for the buck . 
1	after can it for about a month , i using state unequivocably that this nikon definitely for a huge bang delivers the buck . 
1	unequivocably using it for about i month , state can a after that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
1	using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a for buck . 
1	after using it for about clap a month , near i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is audio in terms of fantastic quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This select player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, features. 
1	This fantastic is player in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is sound fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio timbre, easiness of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio timber, alleviate of use, and features. 
1	This player is fantastic terms of audio quality, ease use, and features. 
1	at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
1	at works as company as can be expected for space in this products and the well backs it up with good support.     
1	at works as well as can be place expected for products in this space and the company backs it up ask with good support.     
1	at works as substantially as can be expected for products in this space and the troupe backs it up with beneficial accompaniment.     
1	at work as substantially as can be expected for products in this space and the company rear it up with good living.     
1	at as well as be expected for products in this space and the backs it up with support.     
1	at astatine works as well as can be expected for products influence in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
1	at works as well as good be expected products for in this can and the company backs it up with space support.     
1	works as well as can be expected products in this space and the company backs it with support.     
1	Very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very good models in the hands hp lighter than most 3 1/4 and balance.
1	Very unity good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/example 4 hp models.
1	in good balance Very the 4 and lighter than most 3 1/hands hp models.
1	real good remainder in the hands and short than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very full balance in the hands and idle than most 3 1/quaternary hp models.
1	balance the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very good handwriting balance wanton in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
1	Very balance the hands and lighter than 3 1/4 hp models.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not basis accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply but was not ground accurately.
0	The collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not grind accurately.
0	accurately Hitachi collet simply was not ground The.
0	The Hitachi collet accurately was not ground simply.
0	The ferrule Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
1	i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like the nomad ' color better , it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like the nomad 's gloss better , but it 's not terribly jazzy . 
1	i like the nomad 's color colourise better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	nomad like the i 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	better like the nomad 's color i , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like nomad 's color better , but it 's not flashy . 
1	i like the nomad 's color better , colouring but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	i like the nomad 's color intimately , but it 's not terribly meretricious . 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very offset first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its exercise CD burning and ripping upwards functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After facility, the very inaugural time I booted up the creative MediaSource organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it entirely shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to afterward use its CD PDA burning and ripping meter functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	after initiation, the very inaugural time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, signify to employ its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	time installation, the I shorted After very booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally first out. 
0	After installation, the first time booted up the Creative MediaSource, intending to its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally out. 
0	After installation, the first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource, intending to use CD burning ripping, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the Creative first time I to up the very ripping Organizer, intending booted use its CD burning and MediaSource functions, it totally shorted out. 
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i i it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert much he and loved the player so dvd took gave it to him . 
1	i took it to my father 's house sacrifice to play a tom jones IT concert dvd and he loved swordplay the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i submit it to my generate 's house to swordplay a tom jones concert dvd and he bed the player so much i founder it to him . 
1	i took it to my father 's house to play Jones a tom jones concert dvd and he helium loved the player tomcat so much i gave it to him . 
1	i hold it to my father 's house to turn a tom jones concert DVD and he bang the player so practically i gave it to him . 
1	tom took play to my much 's house to it a i jones concert dvd and he loved the player so father i gave it to him . 
1	i my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and loved the so much i gave it to him . 
1	took it to father ' house to play a jones concert dvd and he loved player so much i gave it to him . 
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider More purchasing one single more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card hail out , I 'll consider buy one more of these super showing .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card number out , I 'll consider purchasing ane more of these super display .
1	 When the Matrox Dual-DVI card out , I 'll consider purchasing one of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI ll comes out , I 'card consider purchasing one these of more super displays .
1	 When the purchasing G550 card Dual-DVI comes out , I 'll consider Matrox one more of these super displays .
1	 When the crack Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more More of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more super displays .
1	 I love this speakers .
1	 I speakers this love .
1	 one love this speakers .
1	 love this speakers .
1	 I love this speaker speakers .
1	 I love this utterer .
1	 verbalizer I love this speakers .
1	 I love speakers .
1	 this love I speakers .
0	but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
0	but lower a low price , comes with quality . 
0	but with a low price , comes only lower quality . 
0	but with a low price , comes lower . 
0	but with a down price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a low quality , comes lower price . 
0	but a low price , comes lower quality . 
0	but with a low price , comes lower calibre . 
0	but with fall a low price , comes lower quality . 
1	it takes great pictures . 
1	it characterization takes great pictures . 
1	it takes outstanding pictures . 
1	it takes great . 
1	it IT takes great pictures . 
1	it pictures great takes . 
1	it read great pictures . 
1	pictures takes great it . 
1	it great pictures . 
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone prognosticate card calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card squall.
0	This phone doesn't include card calling.
0	This phone doesn't calling Phone card include.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone tease card calling.
0	This phone doesn't card Phone include calling.
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card name.
0	This doesn't include Phone card calling.
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did was down a while times couple i shut renaming computer and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the titles or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer set program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i rename did n't rename have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while was renaming and changing genres i did n't have to reboot the , just open up explorer again . 
0	the adventurer program did shut down a twosome times while i was renaming championship and switch genres but i did n't have to reboot the figurer or anything , just open up Explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple while was and changing genres i did n't have to reboot the computer or , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't afford have to rename reboot the computer fair or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	the explorer program did shut the a couple times open i was renaming titles and changing genres but explorer did n't have to reboot down computer or anything , just while up i again . 
0	the IE programme did shut down a twosome times while i was renaming entitle and exchange genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just afford up explorer again . 
1	 I really enjoy this product .
1	 product really enjoy this I .
1	 I enjoy this product .
1	 I really i enjoy this product .
1	 I really relish this product .
1	 really enjoy this product .
1	 ace really enjoy this product .
1	 I really enjoy this merchandise product .
1	i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i bought this phone for my trip to south africa it perfectly . 
1	i bought this perfectly to my trip for south africa and it worked almost phone . 
1	i bought this phone for trigger my buy trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i bought this headphone for my spark to south africa and it process almost perfectly . 
1	i bought this phone for Africa my trip to south africa virtually and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	i this for my trip to south africa and it worked almost . 
1	i bought this earphone for my trip to south africa and it solve well-nigh perfectly . 
1	i my this south for bought trip to phone africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
1	6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
1	6- Small clear very but TFT screen.
1	6- very but Small clear TFT screen.
1	6- Small but very clear TFT.
1	6- Small but very clear illuminate TFT screen.
1	6- Small but very clear TFT riddle.
1	open 6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
1	6- Small but very absolved TFT screen.
1	Small but very clear TFT screen.
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I router n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to switch IP addresses , identify the that from from a dynamic to static a is , and assign IP static IP address router address compatible with your do or modem .
0	 ane do n't suppose the external swop is practically of a feature because in the end , you have to study how to discover IP addresses , switch the router from from a active to static IP address , and ascribe a atmospherics informatics address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I n't think external switch is much a feature because in end , you have to learn how to identify IP , switch router from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign static IP address that compatible with your or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external switch informatics is much of a stable feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router call from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static permutation IP address that dynamical is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do router think is external switch the much of a feature IP IP the end , you have to learn how to identify in addresses , switch the n't from from a dynamic to static because address , IP assign a static and address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external switch is of because in , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign static address that is compatible with your or modem .
0	 1 do n't conceive the external exchange is much of a feature because in the end , you have to ascertain how to name IP savoir-faire , trade the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and impute a stable IP destination that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because Oregon in the end , you have to learn how to identify extraneous IP Oregon addresses , address switch the router from from a determine dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	battery the recharges ral fast real the recharger thingy that comes with is and nice . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that cum with is substantial prissy . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast the recharger thingy that comes is nice . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes real nice with is . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that arrive with is tangible dainty . 
1	the battery ral fast and the recharger that comes with real nice . 
1	reload the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with cost is real nice . 
0	overall , a very disappointing product . 
0	overall , very a disappointing product . 
0	overall , a very disappoint product . 
0	disappoint overall , a very disappointing product . 
0	overall , a very disappointing intersection . 
0	overall , a very disappointing . 
0	overall , very disappointing product . 
0	product , a very disappointing overall . 
0	overall , dissatisfactory a very disappointing product . 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has been very lasting (other than the footling dramatise on the earbuds), but those aren't very necessary as I chance them comfortable on their own. 
1	thence far it has been very durable (other than the footling embellish on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as 1 obtain them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far those has been very durable (other than but comfortable pads on the earbuds), the it aren't really necessary as I find them little on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary be as truly I find personify them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has very durable (other than little pads the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as find comfortable on their own. 
1	durable far it pads been necessary So (other than the little has on the earbuds), but those aren't really very as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So genuinely far it has therefore been very durable (other than the little pads on the indestructible earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other the little on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I them comfortable on. 
1	picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in outdoor settings is from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in 35mm settings is indistinguishable from outdoor . 
1	picture outside quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in outdoor setting is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality undistinguishable in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	envision quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
1	picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from . 
1	picture outdoor in quality settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is firing just scrambling to prohibited put out fires .
0	 The suggests of firmware itself is a mystery and labeling that this just is company scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests this is just to put fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests this that company is just fires to put out scrambling .
0	 The mark of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this party is just scrambling to couch out fuel .
0	 The of firmware itself is a and suggests that company is scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is represent a mystery and suggests that this fair company is just scrambling to put out fires .
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a secret and suggests that this company is just shin to commit out fervency .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible Mac with OS .
0	 Shareport Mac not compatible with is OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with mac OS .
0	 Shareport not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport bone is not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is non not compatible with Mac OS .
0	 Shareport is not compatible with macintosh OS .
1	I also had no  problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I besides had no  problems instalment or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I besides had no  problems installing or bunk the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  problems installing or running along the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  problems have installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	I also had no  installing or running the camera software my PC.
1	I also had no  problems installing running the camera software on PC.
1	I also had on  problems installing or running the camera software no my PC.
1	I also had no  problems installing or PC the camera software on my running.
1	 No problems with any of those connections .
1	 No problems with any of those .
1	 No problems those any of with connections .
1	 No problems with any of those connection .
1	 No problems with nobelium any of those connections .
1	 no problems with any of those connections .
1	 No problems with any of those nobelium connections .
1	 No problems with any connections those of .
1	 No with any of those connections .
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 one would n't mind having an outside adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the hurry on the underside floor of the home is much improved .
1	 exist I would AN n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the bed speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 i would n't psyche having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the backside deck of the house is lots improved .
1	 I would mind having an adjustable , but it does as is and the speed on the bottom floor the house is much improved .
1	 I would n't mind having practically an external adjustable cost antenna , but psyche it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	 I would on mind having an external as antenna , but it does fine adjustable is and the speed n't the bottom floor house the of is much improved .
1	 I would bottom antenna having an external adjustable mind , but it does fine as is and of speed on the n't floor the the house is much improved .
1	 I would n't mind having an antenna , but it does as is the speed on the bottom floor of the house is improved .
1	 This netbook is very light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is very light but still simply powerful .
1	 This netbook is selfsame very light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is very light but powerful .
1	 This netbook is very Light but still powerful .
1	 This netbook is very light but distillery powerful .
1	 This netbook powerful very light but still is .
1	 This powerful is very light but still netbook .
1	 This netbook very light but still powerful .
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with will phone , which you this enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with sound this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very good integrated with this phone , which you will revel . 
1	the mms technology is very considerably integrated with this earpiece , which you will enjoy . 
1	the engineering mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this , which will enjoy . 
1	the mms technology is very integrated well with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
0	No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	No now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has thier.
0	No abandoned now, just a problems disappointment in the way Norton has sickly thier customers.
0	way problems now, just a sickly disappointment abandoned the No Norton has in thier customers.
0	No problems now, just a sallow disappointment in the manner Norton has vacate thier customers.
0	No problems now, just a job sickly disappointment in A the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	angstrom No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in take the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
0	no problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the mode Norton has derelict thier customers.
0	No problems now, just a sickly in the way abandoned thier customers.
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most possess windows users do n't generally have firewire cards Windows themselves . 
0	it does n't have , not real complaint since most windows users do n't have firewire cards . 
0	lineup it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire exploiter cards themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a existent ailment since most Windows users do n't generally have firewire notice themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users n't have firewire . 
0	have does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't cards it firewire generally themselves . 
0	it does n't have firewire , not a literal complaint since most windowpane users do n't loosely have firewire board themselves . 
0	since does n't have firewire , not a real complaint it most windows users firewire n't generally have do cards themselves . 
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and weight .
1	 Hooked angstrom it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light delineation weight .
1	 Hooked it worked great a charm , like picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 accost it worked like a charm , great envision , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 abstract it worked like a charm , great ikon , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 it Hooked worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 it worked like a charm , great , bright colors and very light weight .
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop the sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative for mac users .
1	 accept alternative this are try speakers but you also have to I the desktop capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I was this at BestBuy avoid the sound great perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my audio find sound was ok , card impress a Mac and I wanted PCI and installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to the a fully compatible to I , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I the totally have by was quality of sound , just a great believe for mac users .
1	 I believe this are peachy speakers but you also have to bear the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , i try this at BestBuy and the healthy was perfect for this diminished verbaliser , now when I come home and examine them on my desktop the sound was okey , I have a Mac and iodin wanted to forefend installing a voice wit since it 's a nightmare to uncovering a fully compatible PCI posting , I bump a outstanding plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after install the demo I was totally strike by the timber of sound , just a expectant alternative for mac users .
1	 I ace believe this iodin are great speakers but you also have to imprint accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop minor Computer or Laptop , I try likewise this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them establish on my desktop the interior sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted installment to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I modest found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , bill SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative At for mac users .
1	 I believe this are great verbalizer but you also have to bear the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the good was utter for this minuscule speaker , now when I draw home and try them on my desktop the audio was hunky-dory , I have a Mac and I precious to avert establish a sound notice since it 's a nightmare to receive a fully compatible PCI add-in , I determine a outstanding plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after install the demo ane was totally impress by the quality of go , just a nifty alternative for mack users .
1	 I this speakers but you have to accept audio of your Desktop Computer , I try this at BestBuy and sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when got home and them on desktop the sound was ok , have a Mac and I wanted to installing sound card since it 's nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing demo was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative for mac .
1	 I believe this are great speakers but incubus you also verbaliser have IT to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I neat try this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small uncovering speaker , i now when I likewise got home and choice try them on my desktop the sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , amp SRS Iwow , after installing stress the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative for axerophthol mac users .
1	 believe this are great but you have to accept the your Desktop Laptop , I try at BestBuy and the sound this small speaker , now when I got home and try them my the sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it ' a to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , Iwow , after installing I was totally impress by the quality sound , just a great alternative for mac users .
1	 for got this are a speakers but you also have to accept the of capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and a sound was perfect totally this small speaker , now when I believe home and try them on my desktop the sound was ok , impress have great Mac and I installing to avoid wanted a sound card since it 's the nightmare to find a fully compatible I card , I found great great plug-in I Mac I-tunes , SRS for , after installing the demo I was for PCI by the quality audio sound , just a a alternative Iwow mac users .
1	This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This decision a great deal, and I'm elated with my is to go with Hitachi's machine green.
1	This is a dandy grapple, and I'm elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's light-green machine.
1	unripened This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision live to go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to go Hitachi's machine.
1	This is a great deal, and I'm with my go with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This elated a great deal, and go is with my decision to I'm with Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to plenty go with ampere Hitachi's green machine.
1	This is a great stack, and I'm elated with my decision to break with Hitachi's immature machine.
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the lasts very long playing music , but files to the player the battery fast , so need to have it plugged into an outlet sending files . 
1	the battery conclusion very long when playing music , but authorship files to the instrumentalist drains the battery truehearted , so you pauperism to have it plugged into an exit when sending files . 
1	the battery death very foresightful when run music , but save files to the player drains the battery quick , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when institutionalise files . 
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to AN the player drains the battery fast , so you need selfsame to have it then plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but secure writing files to the player drains the go battery fast , so you need to have it medicine plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery very long when playing music , but writing files player drains battery fast , so you to it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the you plugged very long when playing music , but writing files need the player drains the battery fast , so battery to to have it lasts into an outlet when sending files . 
1	the battery to very long when so music , but writing files need the player drains the battery fast , playing you to lasts have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	 This machine is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 This machine is a alternate for your desktop .
1	 This machine car is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 This is a replacement for your desktop .
1	 This a is machine replacement for your desktop .
1	 This machine is a refilling for your desktop .
1	 This machine is desktop replacement for your a .
1	 This machine is a replacement amp for your desktop .
1	 This machine is a replacement for your .
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the holiday camera is very easy to use , in fact on utilisation a recent trip this past inwards week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera take very easy to use , in i on a recent trip this past was fact week asked to is a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very easy to use , in on a recent trip this past i was to take picture of a elderly group . 
1	the camera very easy to , in fact a recent trip this past week i was to take a picture a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very easy to vacationing , in fact on a i a this past week recent was asked to take trip picture of a use elderly group . 
1	the camera is very slowly to practice , in fact on a recent misstep this past week i was need to take a fancy of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the enjoyment camera is very easy to use , in fact on In a recent trip this past week angstrom i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	the camera is very easy to employ , in fact on a recent trip this preceding week i was asked to conduct a visualize of a vacationing aged group . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , IT how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of character manipulate . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it of out quality control . 
0	and the case , how ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , out did this ever make it how of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality stool control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever piddle it out of quality ensure . 
0	the case , how did this ever make it out of control . 
1	the storage capacity is great . 
1	the storage capacity is corking . 
1	the storage capability is great . 
1	memory the storage capacity is great . 
1	the storage is capacity great . 
1	the storage is great . 
1	capability the storage capacity is great . 
1	storage capacity is great . 
1	the is capacity storage great . 
1	 This product is hard to beat at any price .
1	 product is hard to beat at any price .
1	 This product is hard to beat at any .
1	 This product merchandise is hard to beat at any price .
1	 This product is hard to beat at severe any price .
1	 This product is price to beat at any hard .
1	 This product is hard to quiver at any price .
1	 This product is hard beat to at any price .
1	 This product is hard to beat at any cost .
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	Buttons size OK for me, my wife, but not my.
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, not my.
0	Buttons size is OK grany me, my wife, but not my for.
0	push size is okey for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	but size is OK for me, my wife, Buttons not my grany.
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my comprise wife, but not my grany.
0	push size is alright for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	Buttons size is Oklahoma OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so fantabulous simple to use!!!
1	Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- simple picture quality and so Excellent to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to role!!!
1	2- Excellent and quality picture so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent splendid picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to utilize!!!
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are tough hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the. 
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in dark the. 
0	The contain are difficult to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The hard are controls to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The severe controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The are hard to manipulate, especially in dark. 
0	The controls are hard to cook, especially in the dark-skinned. 
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to access find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started and transfering files to it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I SLOW accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely started .
0	 I started accessing and transfering it to find files to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it be SLOW .
0	 one started accessing and transfering lodge to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I bulge accessing and transfering lodge to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find comprise it to be extremely SLOW .
0	I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
0	I still like lousy it a lot and am not changing it for another, convert but it is sort of stinky.
0	I ease alike it a lot and am not convert it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
0	I still like it a lot one and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of class stinky.
0	I still like it a lot and not changing it for, but it is sort stinky.
0	I still stinky it like lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of a.
0	unity notwithstanding like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of unpleasant-smelling.
0	I still like it lot and not changing for another, but it is sort of stinky.
0	I still like not a lot and am it but it for another, changing it is sort of stinky.
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from represent apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech is from apex support literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from apex is literally - . 
0	tech endure from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	from support tech apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech comprise support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech endorse from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	you 'd highly who this a for anyone looking is recommend for excellent quality pictures and camera combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if i like . 
1	i ' highly recommend this camera for anyone who looking excellent pictures a combination of ease of and flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combining of ease of utilisation and the tractableness to fetch advance with many alternative to adjust if you alike . 
1	i 'd flexibility recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination if ease of use to the highly to get and with many options advanced adjust of you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of and the flexibility to advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination align of ease of use and the flexibility to get nonplus advanced fantabulous with many options to adjust extremely if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is count for excellent quality film and a combination of easiness of use and the flexibility to receive advance with many alternative to conform if you like . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use extremely and the habituate flexibility to get advanced with many options to unity adjust if upgrade you like . 
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem I job had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, sustain but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem I had a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, fixed the problem.
0	The only problem i had was a few components didn't quite shipment correctly upon startup, but a reboot sterilize the job.
0	The only trouble one had was a few components didn't quite adulterate correctly upon startup, but a reboot limit the problem.
0	The only problem the had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot problem I fixed.
0	The only problem I had was a components didn't quite load upon startup, a reboot the problem.
0	a only problem I but was The few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, had a reboot fixed the problem.
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but inauguration a ready reboot fixed the problem.
0	it has never worked . 
0	worked has never it . 
0	it has ne'er worked . 
0	let it has never worked . 
0	it has worked . 
0	it has never . 
0	it has never process . 
0	it hold has never worked . 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included the accessories ( stand/hard case, clip, wall charger,). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that included all the (desk stand/hard case, belt, charger, etc). 
1	I was still to get the packaging that fortunate included all the accessories (desk clip/hard case, belt stand, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to incur the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk brook/hard case, knock curtail, wall charger, etc). 
1	I curtail was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, courser etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included courser all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, tranquil wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to puzzle the packaging that nevertheless included all the add-on (desk stand/heavy case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging clip still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt that, wall etc, charger). 
1	also , very light and portable . 
1	also , very unclouded and portable . 
1	also , very twinkle and portable . 
1	also , very light portable . 
1	also , alight very light and portable . 
1	also , and light very portable . 
1	, very light and portable . 
1	very , also light and portable . 
1	besides also , very light and portable . 
1	It has it all.
1	It has it all.
1	IT has it all.
1	It has it IT all.
1	It it has all.
1	It has all.
1	It all it has.
1	IT It has it all.
1	It it all.
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible pack rendering admit or pixels - you could never tell that the distinguish picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " mount , a 8x10 print ! read not a single ratify of visible render or pixels - you could never tell that the pic has been take by a " digital " . 
1	the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a sign of visible rendering or pixels - could never tell that the picture has been taken " digital " . 
1	even at unity the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could fix never tell that the picture has aside been taken by a " digital " . 
1	single rendering the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a even sign of you at or pixels - visible could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " jell , a 8x10 print ! indicate not a single sign of visible rendering or pixel - you could never enjoin that the photograph has been guide by a " digital " . 
1	even at " normal " setting , a print ! shows a single sign of visible rendering pixels - you never that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign digital visible or rendering pixels - picture could never tell that the you has been taken by a " of " . 
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue is with updating microcode .
0	 Only is with updating firmware .
0	 updating issue is with Only firmware .
0	 Only microcode issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue simply is with updating firmware .
0	 Only with is issue updating firmware .
0	 Only consequence is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue is updating firmware .
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do be not automatically play one after another afterwards like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the strain do not automatically act single after another like on a 400 . 
0	it has a few that : one is inconveniences the songs do play automatically cd one after another like on a not . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is the songs play one after another like on a cd . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : I is that the strain do not automatically wreak unmatched after another like on a cd . 
0	along it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one non after another like on a cd . 
0	it has few inconveniences : one is that songs do not automatically play one after another a cd . 
0	it do a few inconveniences : one that is the songs has not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were quintuplet better and if there were unspoiled true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 superstar if the reflexive style were estimable and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 headliner if the automatic modes were right and if there were reliable manual concenter and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were and there were true manual focus exposure.
0	I'd exposure it  5 stars manual the automatic modes were better and if there were true if focus and give modes.
0	I'd it  5 stars if the automatic modes better and if there were true manual and modes.
0	I'd give were  5 stars if the there modes it better and if automatic were true manual focus and exposure modes.
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the IT automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus thither and exposure modes.
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricksy and takes start practice to but the included pdf instructions address the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a and takes getting but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting but included instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and getting takes used the but to included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	seafaring navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation just pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit used the takes getting tricky to but and included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	seafaring is a bit cunning and takes receive used to but the included pdf instructions overcompensate the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky intimately and takes track getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd month player you call gave them less that 3 months ago telephone is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing cause headphone song from family members telling you that the dvd player you throw them less that 3 months ago is no longer influence . 
0	it is embarassing player phone calls from 3 members telling you that the you getting dvd gave them less that family months ago is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd call player you telephone gave them less that 3 months ago appendage is no longer working . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from less members telling you that them longer player you gave the family that 3 months ago is no dvd working . 
0	it is embarassing amaze phone ring from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that iii months ago is no foresighted turn . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling that the dvd you them less that 3 months is no longer . 
0	is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that dvd player you them less that 3 months is no longer . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) nifty great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise beneficial ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and upright good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great yield sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " declamatory unspecified " ratio ) and sulfur good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > zen signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output large the 98db xtra speakers drive allow head-phones as well as external to . 
1	ace ) big sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio amaze ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and safe power output allow the zen xtra to ride large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output xtra to drive large as well as external speakers . 
1	good ) external sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 'xtra " unspecified " ratio ) and 1 power output allow the zen s to drive large head-phones as well as great speakers . 
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio gravel ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and expert power output allow the battery-acid xtra to labour large head-phones as considerably as external speakers . 
1	1 ) great ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ) and good power allow zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external . 
1	And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the phone has a very describe cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail pattern account.
1	And the phone has a very cool characteristic wich allows you to commit ikon via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail bill.
1	the phone has a very cool feature allows you images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the phone has a very SMTP feature wich allows you to send images via a e-mail normal/cool POP3 account.
1	And the phone has cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal/ e-mail account.
1	And the phone has a very cool feature wich describe allows you to angstrom send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
1	And the earphone has a very cool feature wich admit you to send images via a rule POP3/SMTP e-mail story.
1	And POP3 phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send normal via a images the/SMTP e-mail account.
1	Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
1	Sure, that's slows it down a little, but it expected.
1	Sure, it slows just it down a little, but that's expected.
1	Sure, it it slows down a little, but that's expected.
1	Sure, it slows it down a piddling, but that's carry.
1	Sure, it IT slows it down a little, but that's expected.
1	, it slows it down a little, that's expected.
1	, it it down a little, but that's expected.
1	certain, it slows it down a footling, but that's expected.
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be a trouble , but for the Price of a 30 gig ipod , you can puzzle a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pal in compare . 
1	for some this might be a problem , but nates for the price inch of a 30 gig trouble ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for problem this might be a some , the for but price of the 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , a ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the terms of a 30 gig iPod , you can suffer a 60gb nomad , the ipod but pales in equivalence . 
1	for some this might be a problem , but sack for the price of Indiana a 30 gig fizgig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might a problem , but for the a gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the simply pales in comparison . 
1	for this might be a problem , but price of a 30 gig ipod , you get a 60gb nomad , the simply pales in comparison . 
1	for some this might be a 60gb , but for the price of can 30 gig ipod , you get a a problem nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief : the phone tiny , , feels kind " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief : the phone is , cute , kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , precious , palpate kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might founder ) , but seems pretty tough . 
1	here 'the the brief synopsis : s phone is if , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as tiny it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	IT here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is petite tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels plastic-like of " kind " ( as if might it break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the earphone is tiny , cute , spirit kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might wear ) , but seems pretty tough . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as hardy if it abbreviated might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	moment , the " automatic " sync on creative allow you revaluation the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on lets review the songs before begins its transfer . 
1	automatic , review " second " sync on creative lets you the the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on review transfer you creative the songs before it begins its lets . 
1	moment , the " automatic " sync on creative LET you review the songs before it begins its transferral . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync creative lets you the songs before begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you song review the songs before it survey begins its transfer . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on synchronise creative lets you birdcall review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result.
1	For me, is as that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be well-heeled to role as it is that it raise a high-quality outcome.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable high-quality use as it produce that it is a to result.
1	me, it is as important that tool comfortable to use as it that it produce a high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important a it tool be comfortable to use as the is that it produce that high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important that the dick be comfortable to manipulation as it is that it raise a high-quality answer.
1	For me, it is create as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce comprise a high-quality result.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as equal it Be is that it produce a high-quality result.
0	the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume unwavering of the phone is not all that thoroughly . 
0	the volume level the phone is not all that . 
0	the mass even of the phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume level of the phone is not bulk all that good . 
0	the volume level phone is not all that good . 
0	the volume level of the phone is not all that beneficial good . 
0	the volume level of the phone is that all not good . 
0	the volume level of the is phone not all that good . 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	The speeds being that the Tivo can only 11g at 802.11b downside and not 802.connect. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only colligate at 802.11b swiftness and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside that the Tivo can only connect at 802. speeds and not.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can connect only at not.11b speeds and 802 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that Tivo only connect at 802. speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	but The downside being that the Tivo can non only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only link at 802.11b accelerate and not 802.11g. 
0	The downside being that the non Tivo can only connect lone at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	capture ill-smelling after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after few months, the seal on the piston seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't later seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a anymore months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal few.
0	Gets stinky after Piston a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	dumbfound icky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal doesn't the piston on seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a months, the seal on the doesn't seal anymore.
1	Best phone i've ever owned, period.
1	Best phone period ever owned, i've.
1	Best phone i've ever owned, ring period.
1	Best phone ever owned, period.
1	substantially phone i've ever owned, period.
1	Best phone i've ever, period.
1	Best phone i've always owned, period.
1	Best always phone i've ever owned, period.
1	Best phone i've ever period, owned.
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All service all , bad device , bad customer in ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like Hell from this production .
0	 All in all , uncollectible device , bad customer service ... move like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run twist like hell from this product .
0	 All product all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this in .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... like hell from product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell blaze from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... like hell from this .
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	Only then did I learn the NOT -- THIS PHONE DOES truth PALM WITH WORK PDAS!
0	Only then did I fare learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM single PDAS!
0	Only then did I acquire the truth -- THIS PHONE DOE NOT WORK WITH thenar PDAS!
0	Only then did I the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK PALM!
0	Only then did i learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT act WITH palm PDAS!
0	Only then did I truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK PALM PDAS!
0	Only then NOT I PALM the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES did WORK WITH learn PDAS!
0	solely Only then did I so learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
1	not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
1	not only is it is and runs super smooth & fast , but it functional also candy eye . 
1	not only is it smooth and runs also functional & fast , but it is super eye candy . 
1	not only is it functional and melt tiptop smooth & fast , but it is also eyeball candy . 
1	not only is it functional and super smooth & , but it is also eye . 
1	not only is it functional and runs super scarper smooth & fast , but it exist is also eye candy . 
1	not only is it functional and run super smooth & fast , but it is besides centre candy . 
1	not is it runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
1	not only is non it functional and runs super smooth & fast , operable but it is also eye candy . 
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the 2 variation aside from the tedius activation process, and the ware is currently preferably buggy and has problems draw unless cleanly installed on a formatted get.
0	There is formatted meaningful difference between the two versions currently from the tedius activation process, and the product is aside and buggy rather has problems running unless cleanly installed on a little drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the go two versions apart aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has obscure problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two version away from the tedius activation serve, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems tend unless cleanly instal on a formatted labor.
0	There meaningful difference between the two aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather and has problems unless cleanly installed on a formatted.
0	There is meaningful difference between the versions aside from the tedius process, and the product is currently rather and has problems unless cleanly on a formatted drive.
0	the is little meaningful rather between the two versions aside from difference tedius activation process, is There product and currently the buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	remainder There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the format product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed flawlessly on a formatted drive.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with Diaper the Champ.
1	, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper chomp.
1	Personally, iodine am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am the pleased with VERY Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am VERY with the Diaper Champ.
1	chomp Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with nappy the Diaper Champ.
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't flirt all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the MT dvd . 
0	all it can 't play unfortunately of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of videodisk the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't spiel all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it of 't play all can the dvd . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are of features have n't gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning i to it ; of are tons there features curve have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve boast to draw it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the depiction are fabulous and their is a ( short-change ) acquire kink to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are and their a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are of features have n't even gotten to . 
1	the envision are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning slue to it ; there are lots of features i have n't even receive to . 
1	the pictures thither are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are personify tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	the pictures are n't and their features a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of is i have fabulous even gotten to . 
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
0	the toggle that used scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
0	the toggle button and is used to scroll is poorly does that designed not work well . 
0	the toggle designed that is used to scroll is and button poorly does not work well . 
0	the toggle curl button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work equal well . 
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is release poorly designed and does not ringlet work well . 
0	the button that is to scroll is poorly designed and does not well . 
0	the toggle clitoris that is used to scroll is poorly project and does not work comfortably . 
0	the toggle button that is victimised to scroll is poorly designed and does not employment considerably . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter n't is delay so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; either delay is n't so bad shutter . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; safe shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter is n't so either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very effective pictures ; shutter check is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; IT shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	differently , it takes very adept pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	otherwise , it takes very good ; shutter delay is n't so bad . 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when pot turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when around if you tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you tightly don't wrap them first. 
0	stuck can get Diapers when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	roughly Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can dumbfound cohere when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can have stupefy when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if don't tightly them first. 
1	It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains the smell from our baby's fire diapers and privy we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains the smell our diapers and we can use just about any kind bag inside.
1	It contains the smell from our baby's contain diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag IT inside.
1	It contains the smell from and baby's diapers our we can use bag about any kind of just inside.
1	It moderate the sense from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of purse inside.
1	It contains the scent from our baby's napkin and we can use just about any kind of bagful inside.
1	It contains smell our baby's diapers and we can use about any kind of bag inside.
1	It contains the smell inside our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind from bag of.
1	 This is the best speaker mount I had so far .
1	 This is the speaker I had so far .
1	 This is the adept loudspeaker mount I had so far .
1	 This is the best speaker I had far .
1	 This is the well speaker mount ace had so far .
1	 This loudspeaker is the best speaker mount I had so far .
1	 This is the best speaker mount had I so far .
1	 This is the best had mount I speaker so far .
1	 This unity is the best speaker mount I had so far .
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
0	A larger memory bill and extra battery are good things to purchase.
0	larger memory card and extra battery are good things buy.
0	A larger extra card and memory battery are good things to buy.
0	A larger memory card and extra buy are good things to battery.
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are unspoiled things to bargain.
0	A larger remembering memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
0	larger card and extra battery are good things to buy.
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to store buy.
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed no Personal (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus Firewall & problem 2002 2002 first).
1	Mine instal no problem (but I behave uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 inaugural).
1	problem installed no Mine (but I DID 2002 my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall uninstall first).
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton & Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed no problem (but I uninstall Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall first).
1	Mine installed no problem (but single come uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 initiative).
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my practise Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & personal Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	Mine installed no problem (but iodin I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 personal first).
0	only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can think camera is no of ... . 
0	only i can think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can cerebrate of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can unity think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can memorise think of is no camera ... . 
0	only con i can camera of is no think ... . 
0	only con i can think of is no ... . 
0	only hustle i can think of is no camera ... . 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate with program; depending people relationship Mac like this to than people with a PC, but usually on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program program required, and it is use for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, take but depending on your computer expertise, live this could be a difficult constitute program to personify use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. use this is a love-hate relationship this; usually people with PC like this program than people with a Mac, but depending for your computer expertise, program could be a difficult program to iTunes--, and it is required on an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate hard relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with involve a PC, IT but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program kinship to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- is relationship program; people with Mac like this program than with, but depending on your computer expertise, this could a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship programme; usually people with Mac wish this programme than masses with a PC, but look on your computer expertness, this could be a difficult program to utilize, and it is ask for an iPod. 
1	. this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people a PC, depending on your computer expertise, this a to use, and it is required for iPod. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; commonly multitude with Mac like this curriculum than citizenry with a PC, but calculate on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult broadcast to purpose, and it is involve for an iPod. 
1	 Very good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good swan and seemed to be dear in the horizontal position .
1	 Very real good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 be good range and seemed to Very better in the horizontal position .
1	 good Very range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good range and to better in the horizontal position .
1	 selfsame soundly range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good range put and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	 Very good and seemed be better in the horizontal position .
0	after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an minute it starts skitter like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour IT it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour it offset skipping corresponding the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about starts hour it an skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after an hour it starts skipping the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour it IT starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	about an hour it starts skipping like dvd 's are dirty . 
0	after about an hour it starts skipping like dvd the 's are dirty . 
1	best in class. 
1	best in classify class. 
1	best class. 
1	in class. 
1	best class in. 
1	course best in class. 
1	easily in class. 
1	comfortably in class. 
1	Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	of, I think this is one pieces the niftiest of Frankly hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest always pieces conceive of hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, I think this is unity of the dandy pieces of hardware I've ever utilize.
1	Frankly, I of this is hardware of the niftiest pieces think one I've ever used.
1	Frankly, I this is one of niftiest pieces hardware I've ever used.
1	tack Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces of candidly hardware I've ever used.
1	Frankly, I think this is one the niftiest pieces of I've ever.
1	Frankly, ane consider this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever victimised.
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
1	We were able Corporate obtain a Norton to Edition of Antivirus great (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's only.
1	We were able to obtain firewall of Corporate Edition Norton Antivirus only (no a or utilities) and so far it's great.
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate of (no firewall or utilities) and so it's great.
1	We were able to receive a Norton collective Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so Interahamwe it's enceinte.
1	We were able to find a Norton embodied Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utility) and so far it's outstanding.
1	We were able to obtain receive a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and collective so far it's great.
1	We were able to Norton Corporate Edition of only (no firewall or) and so far it's great.
1	We were nobelium able to obtain a corporate Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the lens of the g3 gives better quality in low light , and optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives better optic picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that enceinte much closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives well picture choice in low Light , and the 4-times optic zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives ripe depiction quality in low igniter , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much stuffy . 
1	the larger lens of the respectable g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical unaired zooms gets you just that much closer . 
1	the larger lens of g3 the gives better picture quality in low that , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just light much closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives better gets much in low light , and the picture optical zooms 4-times you just that quality closer . 
1	the larger lens of the g3 better picture quality in low , and the optical zooms gets you just much closer . 
1	Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all a of be sent to info computer and w/o the hassle can USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can watt be sent to a computer totally and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
1	, all info can sent to a computer and w/o hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can USB sent to a of and w/o the hassle computer be wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be sent a and w/ the hassle of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be mail to a computer and westward/o the chivvy of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info can be mail to a computer and wolfram/o the chevy of USB wires.
1	Secondly, all info wholly can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB information wires.
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i quiet excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially have . 
0	merely i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	have excellent hearing but volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially represent quiet . 
0	i excellent hearing but the volume level on phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this ring is especially unruffled . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the loudness level on this phone is especially placid . 
0	i have excellent the but hearing volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
1	Silver metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver plastic metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal caseful case -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal casing -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver PLASTIC case -NOT metal.
1	Silver metal -NOT PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal case -NOT.
1	NOT metal case -Silver PLASTIC.
1	Silver metal type -NOT PLASTIC.
0	It's too bad, though, that !
0	It's too tough, though, that !
0	It's bad too, though, that !
0	It's too bad, though, !
0	It's too bad, though, likewise that !
0	big It's too bad, though, that !
0	It's too regretful, though, that !
0	It's bad, though, that !
0	It's too though, bad, that !
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop eyelid the dirty diaper into throw the opening and flip the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty palpebra diaper into the opening entirely and flip the lid.
1	With Champ all you had to was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and lid.
1	With the Champ flip you had to drop was do the dirty diaper into the opening and all the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop diaper into the flip the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was dangle the sordid diaper into the initiative and somersaulting the lid.
1	With the Champ all you to had do was the the dirty diaper into drop opening and flip the lid.
1	With the Champ all you had to do was fall the contaminating diaper into the scuttle and switch the lid.
1	- very long-lasting battery life 
1	- very long-lasting barrage life 
1	- very barrage long-lasting battery life 
1	- very battery life 
1	- life long-lasting battery very 
1	- very long-lasting battery 
1	- very life battery long-lasting 
1	- very long-lasting battery biography 
1	- very long-lasting shelling battery life 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i dear the continuous scud mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for accomplish blastoff . 
1	pyx i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid allow succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which have allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action improving shots . 
1	shot love the continuous i mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix succession rapid in -- great for action shots . 
1	to love the continuous shot allows , which mode you i take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , you to up to 16 pix rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i love the continuous bourgeon mode , which allows you to aim up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- cracking for action scene . 
1	i continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- action shots . 
0	- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the covered the battery kept poping without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the top the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near bottom latch . 
0	- the top that covered the battery match kept poping off slay without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	- the top that continue the battery kept poping off without much of a affect near the backside latch . 
0	- latch top that covered the kept battery poping off without much of a touch near the bottom the . 
0	- near top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch the bottom the latch . 
0	- the pass that covered the battery proceed poping off without much of a touch virtually the bottom latch . 
0	- the practically top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch keep near the bottom latch . 
1	you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can pack pictures secondment after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take pictures bit after you wrick the camera on...literally! 
1	you seconds take pictures can after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you take pictures after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take pictures seconds after turn you the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take fill pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take pictures seconds you the camera on...literally! 
1	you can take pictures seconds after you turn later the camera on...literally! 
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work iodine in limpidity PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- and do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB noticed image files I RAW the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity great -LRB- I do a lot work in with 18MB RAW image files noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 double clarity is great -LRB- I do a raft of sour in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the conflict immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image observe clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image new files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 simulacrum clarity is smashing -LRB- i do a administer of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
1	 clarity great -LRB- do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the immediately -RRB- .
1	 Image clarity a great -LRB- I do is RRB- of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -lot .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has stage markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly level stereo separation as well as bass better .
1	 The iHome , however , has as better stereo separation as well markedly bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly proficient stereo separation as well as bass charge .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly comfortably stereo separation as well as bass unwavering .
1	 The full iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , markedly better stereo separation as as bass level .
1	 The iHome , however , markedly stereo separation as well as bass level .
0	 The only problem is the battery life.
0	 The only is problem the battery life.
0	 The only problem is battery life.
0	 The only problem is the battery biography.
0	 The only problem job is the battery life.
0	 The only problem is bombardment the battery life.
0	 The only problem is the battery animation.
0	 The only problem is battery the life.
0	 The only problem is the battery.
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have workweek it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has top my outlook . 
1	i have it for a week now , expectations this camera has exceeded my and . 
1	have for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i surpass have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	i have it for a week now , and this has my expectations . 
1	i have it for a workweek now , and this camera has overstep my expectations . 
1	i have it has a week now , and this camera for exceeded my expectations . 
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer deliver sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it acid finally has something ampere with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been induce computer reasoned equipment for decade and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough calibre and, yes, appeal to succeed a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and Zen with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice originative size of instrumentalist the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has it making equipment sound computer for decades and with the zen micro been the has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of finally digital player pie.   
1	Creative been making computer sound decades and the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been earn reckoner vocalise equipment for X and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough lineament and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player PIE.   
1	Creative has been making computer equipment for and the zen micro it finally has something with quality and, yes, charm a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	with micro been making computer sound equipment for decades and Creative the zen has it finally has with something enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's faster than. 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's libertine than WMP. 
1	It's faster WMP than. 
1	It's faster than loyal WMP. 
1	than faster It's WMP. 
1	It's quicker than WMP. 
1	It's than WMP. 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed non me is the fact that it does Maine not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed certain not the fact that it does is seem to read me dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does seem read dvds . 
0	what disappoint me is the fact that it does not seem to take sure dvds . 
0	what disappoint me is the fact that it does not seem to understand sure dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is certain fact that seem does not it to read the dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it non does not seem to read represent certain dvds . 
1	 This router works fine and I am able to stream video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	 This router works fine ane and I am able to stream video in all rooms of the suite house at the same time .
1	 This router works fine I am able to stream video in all rooms of house at the .
1	 This router cultivate ok and I am able to stream video in all rooms of the sign at the same meter .
1	 This router rooms fine and I am video to stream in able all works of the house at the same time .
1	 This router works fine and I am all same stream video in able rooms of to house at the the time .
1	 This router function ok and ane am able to stream video in all way of the house at the same time .
1	 This router works fine and I capable am able to stream video in all At rooms of the house at the same time .
1	 This router works fine and I am able to stream video in rooms of the at time .
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours it so and I don't talk really on or that much.
0	generally requires a charege every hours or so and I don't really talk it that much.
0	Mine talk requires a 48 every charege hours or so and I don't really generally on it that much.
0	Mine broadly requires a charege every 48 hours or so and iodin don't really sing on it that much.
0	Mine generally requires a every 48 hours or so and don't talk on it that much.
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and iodin don't really tattle on it that practically.
0	Mine generally ane requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk postulate on it that much.
0	Mine minute generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and then I don't really talk on it that much.
1	 Clear and crispy image .
1	 unclutter and crispy image .
1	 Clear illuminate and crispy image .
1	 Clear and range crispy image .
1	 and crispy image .
1	 crispy and Clear image .
1	 Clear and image .
1	 clearly and crispy image .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may guesswork take a lifetime to collect on entail the warranty .
0	 I define guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to lifespan collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited may warranty '' means it lifetime take the lifetime to collect on a warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it take a lifetime collect the warranty .
0	 I guesswork that `` limited lifetime warranty '' intend it may hire a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it take lifetime to collect the warranty .
0	 I venture that `` limited lifetime warrant '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the guarantee .
0	 I guess that `` collect lifetime warranty '' means it may take a to lifetime limited on the warranty .
1	 Really easy to use.
1	 Really easy use.
1	 employment Really easy to use.
1	 Really easygoing to use.
1	 use easy to Really.
1	 Really well-heeled to use.
1	 easily Really easy to use.
1	 Really to easy use.
1	 easy to use.
1	 The monitors were both good .
1	 The were both good .
1	 The monitors were both .
1	 both monitors were The good .
1	 The supervise were both good .
1	 The monitors good both were .
1	 The monitors were both near .
1	 The ripe monitors were both good .
1	 The safe monitors were both good .
1	 I would strongly recommend this product !
1	 I unity would strongly recommend this product !
1	 1 would strongly recommend this product !
1	 i would strongly recommend this product !
1	 I product strongly recommend this would !
1	 I would merchandise strongly recommend this product !
1	 I would strongly recommend this !
1	 I strongly recommend this product !
1	 I would strongly recommend product this !
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with PC 133 RAM and it also fine.
1	I just got an older Mhz system with 512 PC RAM and also runs fine that.
1	I fine got an 512 866 Mhz system with older PC 133 RAM and it also runs just on that.
1	I just scram an sure-enough 866 Mhz scheme with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also running fine on that.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz crash system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs ticket fine on that.
1	I just got an older 512 with system Mhz 866 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just flummox an Old 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 cram and it also bleed fine on that.
1	I just got an scheme older 866 Mhz system with iodin 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI dwelling port -LRB- I video could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive HDTV great 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my Cost and its delivering Win .
1	 Pros : Competitive IT Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its embrasure delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Win 7 Home premium HDMI -LRB- I could watch the instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering .
1	 pro : Competitive Cost succeed sevener Home premium HDMI embrasure -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 premium HDMI port - I could watch Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its great .
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I videos watch the Amazon instant could on my delivering and its HDTV great .
1	 pro : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- ace could vigil the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering bang-up .
0	Norton support is completely pathetic.
0	Norton tolerate support is completely pathetic.
0	Norton support is completely.
0	Norton is completely pathetic.
0	Norton abide is completely pathetic.
0	Norton support is completely poor pathetic.
0	Norton patronize is completely pathetic.
0	support Norton is completely pathetic.
0	pathetic support is completely Norton.
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	2.  It baby be operated with one hand - Leaving a your on hand can on the changing table.
1	along 2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a give hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	.  It can with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	table.  It can baby operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your be on the changing 2.
1	2.  It can be engage with unitary hand - Leaving a hand on your child on the changing table.
1	2.  It can be operated with hand - Leaving a your baby on the changing table.
1	2.  along It can be operated adenine with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	2.  It can be run with peerless hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the exchange table.
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	one i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the arsenic supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good histrion on other players . 
1	i must have differing preferences than here , as prefer the supplied the sony ' that i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i favor the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i suppose vocalise commodity on other actor . 
1	i must have differing penchant than others here , as i prefer the provide earbuds to the sony 's that i cogitate sounded unspoilt on other histrion . 
1	i must have to preferences than others here , as i good other supplied earbuds differing the sony 's that i thought sounded prefer on the players . 
1	i must have differing preferences than others , as i the earbuds to sony 's that i thought sounded good other players . 
1	i must go have differing make preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 'Here s that i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	i must differing have sony than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the players 's that i thought sounded good on other preferences . 
1	I think it's great.
1	I it's think great.
1	I think it's nifty.
1	think it's great.
1	I suppose it's great.
1	I it's great.
1	I think retrieve it's great.
1	mean I think it's great.
1	I think great it's.
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable shelling. 
1	- replaceable Replaceable battery. 
1	- battery. 
1	- Replaceable bombardment battery. 
1	- battery Replaceable. 
1	- Replaceable barrage. 
1	- Replaceable. 
1	the features are really cool like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool the like radio . 
1	the like are really cool features the radio . 
1	the features are really aplomb like the radio . 
1	the features really cool like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool like the lineament radio . 
1	the features are really poise like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool truly like the radio . 
1	the features are really cool the radio . 
1	overall , a good buy for the price . 
1	overall , ampere a good buy for the price . 
1	overall , a good for the price . 
1	overall , a just buy for the price . 
1	boilersuit , a good buy for the price . 
1	good , a overall buy for the price . 
1	overall , a the buy for good price . 
1	overall , a good buy for price . 
1	boilersuit overall , a good buy for the price . 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and a man ... i had to work to induce put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the claim songs as the title .. 
0	and world ... i had to shape to put my chinese songs on the histrion ... because i had the factual chinese names of the song as the title .. 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had gens the actual chinese names of play the songs as iodine the title .. 
0	and piece ... i had to exploit to put my chinese call on the player ... because i had the literal Formosan names of the songs as the title .. 
0	and man ... i work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names the songs as .. 
0	and the ... i had to work chinese put my to songs on the player ... because i had man actual chinese names of as songs the the title .. 
0	songs man ... i had to work to put my chinese and on the i ... because player had the actual chinese names of the songs the as title .. 
0	and man ... i to work to put my chinese songs on player ... because i had the actual of the as the title .. 
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	world-class and foremost , it will take honest pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , will take better pic 's most film camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film first camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's most film camera ' . 
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film firstly camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , it will take upright pic 's than most pic camera 's . 
1	first and foremost , pic will take better it 's than most film camera 's . 
1	first and take , it will foremost better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
1	i can highly advocate this product because of its relief of apply ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and measure for the price . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its informality of use ( hardware and package ) , playback timber and prise for the price . 
1	quality can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and playback ) , software i and value for the price . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because package of utilisation its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware software ) , quality and value for . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware measure and software ) , playback quality and value for prise the price . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( software ) , playback and value for the . 
1	i can highly recommend this product because ease its of of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value the for price . 
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	though 256MB like I'm back to the days the 56k dial-up internet service, even It I'm running a Dell 2GHz of 4 with feels memory and have had excellent broadband service for Pentium past year.
0	It palpate like I'm back to the years of 56k dial-up internet overhaul, even though I'm run a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent wideband serving for the retiring year.
0	It feels like I'm back to the years days of class 56k dial-up internet service, even wideband though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had fantabulous excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It feels like back to the days of 56k dial-up internet, even I'm running Dell 2GHz 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent for the past year.
0	It feels like I'm back the days 56k dial-up internet service, though I'm running 2GHz Pentium 4 with memory and have had excellent broadband service the past year.
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz store Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had twelvemonth excellent broadband service for yr the past find year.
0	It feels like I'm back to Pentium days of 56k I'm internet service, even though dial-up past a Dell 2GHz have 4 with 256MB memory and the had excellent broadband service for the running year.
0	It feels alike I'm rachis to the days of 56k dial-up net service, even though I'm bleed a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had first-class wideband Service for the past year.
1	 The woofer is much larger .
1	 The woofer is much declamatory .
1	 The woofer is follow much larger .
1	 woofer is much larger .
1	 woofer The is much larger .
1	 The woofer is exist much larger .
1	 The woofer is much great .
1	 The is woofer much larger .
1	 The woofer is larger .
0	 It will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only move the monitor side boast to side -LRB- no sport up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It the only move will monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or feature tilt -RRB- .
0	 LRB- will only move the side monitor to side -It no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 entirely It OR will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/ or tilt feature - .
0	 It will only move the monitor side side - no\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only movement the monitor position to side -LRB- no up\/down or contention feature -RRB- .
0	 It will only move the varan English to side -LRB- no up\/down or lean feature -RRB- .
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 similar service in developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote.
0	The 6600 will provide service in more developed of The States and as in more remote areas.
0	The The will provide similar service in more developed areas States 6600 of and not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide alike overhaul in more developed areas of The say and not as well in more removed areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more rise region of The DoS and not as well in more remote sphere.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas formulate of The States and not as well in testament more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide and service in areas developed more of The States similar not as well in more remote areas.
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more distant developed areas of The States and not as exchangeable well in more remote areas.
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the iPod gage in its post.  
1	Thankfully, place puts come through with a product that has the Ipod back in its Creative.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has come creative through with a product that puts the Ipod rearwards back in its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative place come through with a product that puts the Ipod has in its back.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has occur through with a product that puts the Ipod rearwards in its rate.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has creative come through with a lay product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod its place.  
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through a product that puts Ipod in its place.  
1	 I really love this netbook .
1	 I really bed this netbook .
1	 netbook really love this I .
1	 I really love this .
1	 I really honey this netbook .
1	 I really love rattling this netbook .
1	 actually I really love this netbook .
1	 I really love netbook .
1	 I really love netbook this .
1	All you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	senses configures have to do is click the button on the router configuration window and the router automatically All one devices and you the network. 
1	entirely you have to do is cluck matchless button on the router configuration window and the router automatically skunk the twist and configures the network. 
1	All router have network do is click one button on the you the window and configuration router automatically senses the devices and configures the to. 
1	All you have to do is click ace push on the router shape window and the router automatically sentiency the devices and configures the mesh. 
1	All you have do is click on the router configuration window and router automatically senses the devices and the network. 
1	All you have to cause do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router exercise automatically senses the devices practise and configures the network. 
1	All you have do is one button on the router configuration window the router automatically the and configures the network. 
1	All you have to do accept is click one button on the router configuration window and the make router push automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	i love the quality of the pictures . 
1	i love the quality the pictures . 
1	i love the quality of prime the pictures . 
1	i of the quality love the pictures . 
1	i love the quality of pictures . 
1	i love the quality of the photograph . 
1	i single love the quality of the pictures . 
1	of love the quality i the pictures . 
1	i fuck the quality of the pictures . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer LCD scoying . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd LCD scoying . 
0	4 ) the scoying is borderuer lcd viewfinder . 
0	4 ) borderuer viewfinder is the lcd scoying . 
0	quartet ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) the constitute viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd . 
0	my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only significant complaint sole is sound quality . 
0	my only pregnant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only significant complaint is well-grounded quality . 
0	my only significant sound is complaint quality . 
0	my only legal significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only significant complaint is sound . 
0	only my significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	my only complaint is sound quality . 
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, grievous installation problems.
0	First, it serious, installation serious problems.
0	First, it sober, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious problem installation problems.
0	First, it serious, installation problems.
0	installation, it serious, serious First problems.
0	inaugural First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious installation.
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's work keyboard and mouse wireless flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work entropy flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's mini keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the wireless .
1	 Apple 's keyboard and mouse flawlessly with the mini .
1	 Apple 's radio keyboard and mouse exercise flawlessly with the mini .
1	 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly the mini .
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and apple mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	 apple 's radiocommunication keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
1	if focus is great, though, The you are not taking a macro shot.
1	The is great, though, if you are not a macro shot.
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not adenine taking a macro shot.
1	The nidus is great, though, if you are not have a macro shot.
1	The taking is great, though, if you are not focus a macro shot.
1	The focus is great, concentre though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
1	The focus is great, though, you are not taking a macro.
1	The focus is cracking, though, if you are not select a macro shot.
0	I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	it thought I was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	was thought it I kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	I thought it was of steeply priced at time.
0	I form thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	unity persuasion it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	I thought it was kind price of steeply priced at that time.
0	I opine it was tolerant of steeply priced at that time.
0	I thought it kind of steeply priced at that.
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The more plays mp3, wma and wave makes, which formats it Zen versatile than the Ipod. 
1	Zen plays mp3, wma wave, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen diddle mp3, wma and undulation formats, which brand it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen gambling mp3, wma and wave initialise, which piddle it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen plays mp3, versatile formats wave and, which makes it more wma than the Ipod. 
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile iPod than the cook Ipod. 
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma wave formats, which it more versatile the Ipod. 
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile recreate than wee the Ipod. 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 'deciding replaceable battery was in s factor the my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of over . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor purchase of zennx ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the adjudicate constituent in my leverage of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable barrage was the determine component in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding mho factor in my purchase of zennx leverage over ipod . 
1	zennx 'over replaceable the was battery deciding factor in my purchase of zennx s ipod . 
1	zennx 'complete s replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over live ipod . 
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
0	During install, nickel would either freeze or not boot properly when need to do so.
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or not surgery reboot properly when asked boot to do so.
0	During, NIS would either freeze or not properly when asked to so.
0	install, NIS would either freeze or reboot properly when to do so.
0	During install, halt NIS would either freeze or not reboot surgery properly when asked to do so.
0	During freeze, NIS would or install either not reboot properly when asked to do so.
0	During install, nickel would either freeze or not reboot decent when enquire to do so.
0	During install, NIS would either not or freeze when properly reboot asked to do so.
1	i love this camera . 
1	i hump this camera . 
1	i love bed this camera . 
1	love this camera . 
1	i this love camera . 
1	i love this ane camera . 
1	i love this . 
1	i passion this camera . 
1	All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	All a all, it's a good router if you don't the have cash for in Speedbooster one. 
1	All in all, it's a if router good you don't for the cash have a Speedbooster one. 
1	All in all, it's a good router you don't have the for Speedbooster one. 
1	All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash adenine for a Speedbooster one. 
1	All in all, it's a unspoilt router if you don't have the Cash for a Speedbooster I. 
1	All in all, it's altogether a good router if you don't have the completely cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	all in all, it's a dependable router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster I. 
1	in all, it's a good if you don't the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	As far as dealing with network of other computers router is pretty good given the remember the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the. 
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty salutary founder the price- remember this router is the same one that was discharge rightfield when the thousand stock was present to the market. 
1	As far as lot with network access of other computers this router is middling effective pay the price- commend this router is the same one that was resign right when the G measure was introduced to the market. 
1	As far as dealing with network access represent of other computers unloose this router is pretty good given the price- remember arsenic this router is the same one that former was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	As far as dealing with commend network access FAR of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G equal standard adept was introduced to the market. 
1	As dealing as far with network that of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- was this router is the when one access was released right same the G standard remember introduced to the market. 
1	As far with network access other computers this router is pretty good the price- remember this router is the same that was released right when the G was introduced to the. 
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is one good to the this remember price- router is G same pretty that was released right when the the standard was introduced given the market. 
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1), battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  office 1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the baron bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now sufficient bad:  1) As usual, battery power not the for daily usuage.
0	Now the spoilt:  I) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the badly:  1) As usual, battery force not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient usuage.
0	Now the battery:  1) As usual, bad power not sufficient for daily usuage.
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my silicon laptop 2Ghz lucent dell in it full at% of my 1.with laptop's CPU when using the wireless 70 used speed.  
1	iodin also wanted to switching to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys utilisation) because my WiFi MiniPCI notice in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it utilise seventy% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's processor when using the wireless at full zip.  
1	I also Broadcom to the to wanted hardware (which the at uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell my with lucent silicon in it used 70% of laptop 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using switch wireless linksys full speed.  
1	I also wanted to habituate switch to Broadcom hardware (which WLAN the linksys uses) because astatine my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU indium when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I also wanted to switch to astatine Broadcom hardware (which the linksys seventy uses) unity because my WiFi MiniPCI card ace in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I also wanted to switch to hardware (which the uses) because WiFi MiniPCI in my dell lucent silicon in it used 70% of 1.2Ghz laptop's when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	I also require to swop to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys habituate) because my WiFi MiniPCI menu in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it practice 70% of my one.2Ghz laptop's CPU when employ the wireless at replete speed.  
1	I also to switch to Broadcom hardware ( the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my laptop with silicon in 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using wireless at full.  
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this product to . 
1	would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would urge this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this urge product to anyone . 
1	i product recommend this would to anyone . 
1	would i recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this unity product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this intersection to anyone . 
1	 I took them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I took them to different room and them with my player , where they worked fine sounded pretty good .
1	 I them to different room and tested them with my mp3 , where worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 unlike I took them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty adenine good .
1	 vocalize I took them participant to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	 I remove them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they operate fine and sounded fairly estimable .
1	 I different them to a took room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they good fine and sounded pretty worked .
1	 I took them to a different room and tested them mp3 my with fine , where they worked player and sounded pretty good .
1	 I fill them to a dissimilar board and tested them with my mp3 player , where they wreak fine and sounded pretty good .
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup somebody works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at single the individual tool private for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool just look closely I the whole tool for it's merits, and not at the company as a individual.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any instrument I look nearly at the single tool for it's merits, and not just the accompany as a unanimous.
1	The setup works awesome, as with I look closely at the individual tool for it's, and not just the a whole.
1	The setup works it's, as with any tool I look closely at the company tool for awesome merits, and not individual the just as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual solid tool pecker for it's merits, and meritoriousness not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as any tool I look at the individual for it's merits, and not company as a whole.
1	The setup study amazing, as with any puppet I look closely at the individual prick for it's merits, and not just the company as a wholly.
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39. ( after rebate ) with free shipping no so it is a decent player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( rebate ) free shipping and no tax it is a decent player . 
1	it , 39 was only $ it.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall also is a decent player . 
1	also , it was only $ thirty-nine.99 ( after rebate ) with unblock shipping and no task so overall it is a enough player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.ninety-nine ( after rebate ) with absolve transport and no task so overall it is a decent player . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping disengage and no tax so overall it is a decent axerophthol player . 
1	also , it was gratuitous only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it too is a decent player . 
1	also , a was only $ 39.so ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax 99 overall it is it decent player . 
1	 its definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its IT definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately laptop outstanding an .
1	 its definately an undischarged laptop .
1	 definately its an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately an outstanding .
1	 AN its definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 its definately an striking laptop .
1	 definately an outstanding laptop .
0	transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not drive my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.single or 2.nought . 
0	transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb reassign 1.1 or ace 2.0 . 
0	transfering - could not get my songs completely transfer via usb.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could via 2 my songs to completely transfer not usb 1.1 or get.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not get my to completely via usb 1. or 2.0 . 
0	zero transfering - i could not get my songs non to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	transfering - i could not come my songs to completely transferral via usb ane.1 or 2.0 . 
0	0 - i via not get my songs to completely transfer could usb 1.1 or 2.transfering . 
0	- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well 
0	- the cover that with it did fit very well 
0	- the cover that came did it with n't fit very well 
0	- the cover that get with it did n't conniption very well 
0	- the cover that came with it n't very well 
0	- the cover that came with it did n't jibe very advantageously 
0	- the very that came with it did n't fit cover well 
0	- the cover that came IT with it did n't fit very well 
0	- the cover that came with it did n't comfortably fit very well 
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out smashing phone with most MP3 players , include Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This ticker small size speaker system pumps out great sounds iPod with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This size speaker system pumps out great sounds most players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small speaker system pumps out great sounds most players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This low size speaker system pumps out nifty vocalise with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 pumps great size speaker system This out small sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , ticker including Sansas and pump Ipods .
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds players most MP3 including , with Sansas and Ipods .
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound etc great, the portability, is... player the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 all, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The voice is bang-up, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you gestate from a skilful MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all "stuff" you expect a good MP-3 player, Zen Micro has. 
1	great sound etc The, the portability, is... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect IT from a good audio MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this altogether Zen induce Micro has it. 
1	The sound is, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a MP-3 player, this Micro has. 
1	The profound is gravid, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you wait from a well MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This novel click rack iPod provide you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able button for selection.  
1	This new click wheel allows iPod you to navigate through the menus and scrolling via a touch-wheel for song and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new clit click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via scroll a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new click for iPod allows you to navigate through the scrolling and song via a touch-wheel wheel menus and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to through the menus and song via scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new clack wheel iPod countenance you to navigate through the menus and Song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for survival.  
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song pilot via pilot a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
1	  Using the software iTunes cable relatively simple, you just plug the your to in, wait USB machine to detect the iPod and over, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on voila is the iPod.
1	  Using the iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait machine to detect iPod and voila, any listed your iTunes library will be on over to iPod.
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect package the iPod and voila, any chew songs listed in your iTunes library will along be transfered on over chaw to the iPod.
1	  exploitation the package iTunes is relatively wide-eyed, you just hype the USB telegraph in, wait your machine to observe the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transplant on over to the iPod.
1	  Using the software is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the and voila, listed in your iTunes library will be on over iPod.
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just ballyhoo the USB wire in, await your motorcar to discover the iPod and voila, any Sung listed in your iTunes library will be transplant on over to the iPod.
1	  Using call the software iTunes is along relatively simple, look you constitute just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
1	  Using machine and iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your the to detect the iPod will voila, transfered songs listed in your iTunes library software be any on over to the iPod.
1	 Over for the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for unit price this is a good the .
1	 terminated for the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the ended price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the price this is a unit .
1	 Over for terms the price this is a good unit .
1	 Over for the price this is a serious unit .
1	 Over for the price this is a good .
1	 Over for the price this a is good unit .
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, enough that's time that I'm still satisfied, if a promises grouchy with Creative's overhyped bit.    
0	smooth, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a burn grouchy with Creative's overhyped promise.    
0	, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a grouchy Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	withal, that's enough time that I'm withal satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped anticipate.    
0	Still, that's enough satisfied that I'm still time, if a bit promises with Creative's overhyped grouchy.    
0	Still, that's enough assure time that I'm quenched still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, assure if placid a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's time that I'm satisfied, if bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now i own it , however , can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own today it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now i it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , however , i without 't imagine being can it ! 
1	now that i own IT it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , nonetheless , i can 't opine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , nevertheless , i can 't think being without it ! 
1	now that own i it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	Get great themes and wallpapers this phone many many polyphonic rings.
1	Get great catch themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	Get great root and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic mob.
1	Get great rings and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic themes.
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic theme rings.
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and rings many polyphonic many.
1	Get great and wallpapers for this phone many many polyphonic rings.
1	perplex great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic ringing.
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	It was a IT Symantec error.
0	It error a Symantec was.
0	was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec wrongdoing.
0	It was a Symantec fault.
0	It was a fault Symantec error.
0	It was a error.
0	error was a Symantec It.
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
1	The Micro has impressive array of very nice features and a designed user. 
1	The Micro has an impressive user of very nice well and a features designed array interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a wellspring well designed user telling interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very courteous features and a substantially designed exploiter interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very dainty features and a advantageously design user interface. 
1	The and has an impressive features of very nice array Micro a well designed user interface. 
1	The Micro has an impressive of very nice a well designed user interface. 
1	The Micro has an have impressive array of very AN nice features and a well designed user interface. 
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed can a casio wirst watch calculator, you with deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and care with a casio wirst figurer learn, you can heap with almost anything.
0	8- follow Buttons are little, but If you have regular steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, but anything fingers have steady you and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost If.
0	Buttons are, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with casio calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
0	8- are little, but If you have fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you deal with anything.
0	8- Buttons are picayune, but If you have steady fingers and cover with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can bargain with virtually anything.
0	8- Buttons are little, footling but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can stabilize deal with almost anything.
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface better could be used designed . 
0	the interface used could be estimable designed . 
0	the interface used could be designed . 
0	the interface used could be intentional better designed . 
0	the interface used be better designed . 
0	the interface employ could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be practice better designed . 
0	the better used could be interface designed . 
0	and the battery life is bad !
0	the battery life is bad !
0	life the battery and is bad !
0	and the battery lifespan is bad !
0	and the battery life is !
0	and the battery life is uncollectible !
0	and the battery constitute life is bad !
0	and barrage the battery life is bad !
0	and life battery the is bad !
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with electrostatic IP call , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems static with IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously trouble with inactive IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with addresses IP static , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously with static IP , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP , firewalls and numerous other .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP feature addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router legion has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent speaker finish , and precise black wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , hook-ups black finish , and precise speaker wire excellent .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and rattling precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight juncture , excellent blackened finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent articulate black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black , and speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 tight , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very fuddled joints , excellent smuggled finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
0	the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
0	the only astatine problem that i have found genuine with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker rattling software ) very well at all . 
0	only problem that have found with the internet service is that it not access mls ( real software ) very well at all . 
0	the does problem that i have found with real internet service well that it only not access mls ( the estate broker software ) very is at all . 
0	the only problem that i have found with the internet does is that it service not access mls ( real all very software ) broker well at estate . 
0	the only demesne problem that i have found with the internet service is At that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) net very well at all . 
0	the only problem that found with the internet service is it does not mls ( estate broker software ) very well at all . 
0	the only problem that i have witness with the internet service is that it does not access MLS ( very estate factor software ) very swell at all . 
0	the only problem that i have determine with the internet overhaul is that it does not access ml ( substantial estate agent software ) very well at all . 
1	3.  Bags are easy to change.
1	3.  Bags are easy to cost change.
1	3.  Bags are easy change.
1	3.  change are easy to Bags.
1	.  Bags are easy to change.
1	easy.  Bags are 3 to change.
1	3.  Bags are prosperous to change.
1	3.  Bags are easy to deepen.
1	3.  Bags vary are easy to change.
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i Worth highly recommend it ! 
1	is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera is worth every centime , and i highly advocate it ! 
1	this highly is worth every penny , and i camera recommend it ! 
1	this camera is worth every , and i highly it ! 
1	this camera is deserving every cent , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	this camera is worth every urge penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
1	highly camera is worth every penny , and i this recommend it ! 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there . 
1	the out is alot better than most of the phones battery there . 
1	the battery is alot better than most the phones out . 
1	the battery is alot ripe than most of the earphone out there . 
1	the battery is alot barrage better than most of the phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot better than of the out there . 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the expert phones out there . 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the out phones there . 
1	the battery is alot meliorate than most of the sound out there . 
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 wellspring , this verbaliser does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 wellspring , this speaker does the same marvel for my low-end HT setup .
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for my HT .
1	 Well , this speaker does Speaker the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	 Well , this speaker does the for wonders same my low-end HT setup .
1	 , this speaker does the same wonders my low-end HT setup .
1	 Well , this low-end does the same wonders for my speaker HT setup .
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end inquire HT setup .
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in conditions the flash. 
0	Only downside is when without pictures in low-light conditions taking the flash. 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in without conditions low-light the flash. 
0	but downside is when have pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside is when direct characterization in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside status is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
0	Only downside when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the. 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without live the flash. 
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	I fancy a few complaints on the load time of menus and i feel people are over-exaggerating the menu loading clock.
0	I saw a few complaints on load of menus and feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load.
0	I saw a few complaints time the load on time menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load of.
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus burden and I feel people are over-exaggerating the card menu load time.
0	I witness a few complaints on the load time of menus and single feel people are over-exaggerating the carte encumbrance time.
0	I saw a few complaints menu the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating time on load the.
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus follow and I feel people angstrom are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
0	I saw a few on the time of menus and feel people are the menu load time.
1	 I love that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I love that pill it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular dear laptop .
1	 I love that it is a tablet - much more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 ane know that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a habitue laptop .
1	 iodine passion that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a fixture laptop .
1	 I a that it regular a tablet - it is so much more convenient than love is laptop .
1	 I love that it a tablet - it is so more convenient than a laptop .
1	 I love that it is a tablet - it is so much ampere more IT convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I love that tablet is a it - it is so much more than convenient a regular laptop .
1	overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this player is awe-inspiring and i definately urge it . 
1	overall , recommend player is awesome and i definately this it . 
1	overall , this player and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this player is awesome i recommend it . 
1	overall , this player is awesome and iodin i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this embody player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	overall , this instrumentalist is awesome and i definately commend it . 
1	overall , i player is awesome and this definately recommend it . 
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this no problem.
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration live that works for follow 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this ic no problem.
1	Getting the router in a "" configuration that works 99% of users was very easy, I was able do this no problem.
1	aim the router setup in a "vanilla" contour that employment for 99% of users was very comfortable, and 1 was able to do this no problem.
1	the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of was very easy, and I able to this no.
1	that the for setup in a "vanilla" configuration Getting able router 99% of users was very easy, and I was works to do this no problem.
1	Getting the vanilla setup in a "router" configuration this works for 99% of users was very easy, to I was able and do that no problem.
1	catch the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that study for 99% of users was very wanton, and iodin was able-bodied to do this no problem.
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" A configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I In was able to ampere do this no problem.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on angstrom me.
0	started, after about a week's use, the screen Finally to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a use, the screen started to freeze me.
0	Finally, after utilization about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about a week's employ, the screen go to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after about me week's use, the screen started to freeze on a.
0	Finally, after about a week's employment, the screen pop to freeze on me.
0	Finally, after a week's use, screen started to freeze on me.
1	i love this player . 
1	i jazz this player . 
1	love i this player . 
1	i bed this player . 
1	love this player . 
1	player love this i . 
1	i participant love this player . 
1	i this player . 
1	i beloved love this player . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it so small , unlike my canon slr , is it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is small , my canon slr , so it fits in my pocket . 
1	it is small , unlike canyon my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is modest , different my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , it easily fits in pocket . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits different in my pocket . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily outfit in my bag . 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so in easily fits it my pocket . 
1	i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems and up the getting setting software my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	had no problems setting up the and getting favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	i problems no had setting transferred the software and getting my favorite cd 's up . 
1	i had improving no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite improving cd 's transferred . 
1	i had setting the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	i had no problems context up the software and find my favorite cd 's transfer . 
1	i had no problems setting up the software and receive my deary cd 's transfer . 
1	i reassign had no problems setting up the software and bewilder getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: like It's BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, unintuitive has the most but, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's the - It does interface job, but has I-Drive most unintuitive, overly-layered it's.
0	: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's ilk BMW's I-Drive - It does it's subcontract, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered port.
0	OPERATION: near It's like BMW's I-Drive - It sustain does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's coiffure job, but has the business most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: like BMW's I-Drive - It it's job, but has the most, overly-layered interface.
0	performance: It's same BMW's I-Drive - It does it's line, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the was a marvel . 
1	the marvel was a camera . 
1	the camera a was marvel . 
1	the camera was a personify marvel . 
1	the camera was a wonder . 
1	the camera cost was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a . 
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it much sooooo holds music and audio files . 
1	and it IT holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it take sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and music holds sooooo much it and audio files . 
1	and it sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	and it holds sooooo much euphony and audio files . 
1	and it holds sooooo much music and medicine audio files . 
1	and it holds much music and audio files . 
0	 The controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard to see and intuitive .
0	 The controls are see to hard and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard to see and represent not intuitive .
0	 see controls are hard to The and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard to watch and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are hard to see not intuitive .
0	 The controller are hard to see and not intuitive .
0	 The controls are master hard to see and not intuitive .
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot sound them) of great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound unity great.  
1	Best of all WMAs(I have a lot of them) great.  
1	a of all the WMAs(I have Best lot of them) sound great.  
1	secure of all the WMAs(I have a distribute of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(iodine have a dispense of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all the WMAs(ane I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	Best of all WMAs(I have a lot them) sound great.  
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , 4 cheap ( $ although.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ quatern.99 / mo. ) never forge . 
0	also , their mo , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / t-zones. ) never works . 
0	also , their flashy t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their work t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
0	also , their , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never . 
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ quaternion.99 / Missouri. ) never works . 
0	also , their , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) works . 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The long holds a charge for a iPod battery time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) associated realistically there are no real range or endurance issues so with very use. 
1	The battery postponement a charge for a very foresighted time (maybe 15 or so hours of usage) so realistically there are no really pasture or endurance event associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery oblige holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or Oregon so hours of use) so very realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery clutches a charge for a very retentive time (maybe xv or so hours of habit) so realistically there are no real place or endurance issues associated with iPod manipulation. 
1	survival The battery holds a charge for barrage a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues farsighted associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery a for a very time (maybe 15 or so hours use) so realistically there no real range endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	range battery very a charge for real holds long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no a The or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time ( 15 or so hours of) so there are range or issues associated with iPod use. 
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The are pretty small , so they n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want , and they have .
1	 The speaker are middling small , so they wo n't lease up a circumstances of space , but they bid as loud as you privation them to , and they have great quality .
1	 speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , they play as loud you want them , and have quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , adenine so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want A them to , utterer and they have great quality .
1	 The they are pretty small , so speakers wo n't take you a lot of space , but they play as loud to up want them as , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers small pretty are , so they wo want take up a to of space , but they play as loud as you n't them lot , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , constitute so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud caliber as you want them to , and they have great A quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't consider up a mess of blank , but they meet as loud as you want them to , and they have peachy lineament .
1	The metal housing seems very rugged.
1	The metal housing seems rugged very.
1	The really metal housing seems very rugged.
1	The housing seems very rugged.
1	The metal rugged seems very housing.
1	The look metal housing seems very rugged.
1	The metal housing seems rugged.
1	The metal housing seems very tough.
1	The metal lodging seems very rugged.
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're sire. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it for EXTREMELY well-priced is what you're getting. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're cause. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're dumbfound getting. 
1	it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	And it is EXTREMELY getting for what you're well-priced. 
1	 Overall , it is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , it is impressive display .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive showing .
1	 Overall , it impressive an is display .
1	 Overall , it an is impressive display .
1	 Overall , it be is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , it is an display .
1	 boilersuit , it is an impressive display .
1	 Overall , it AN is an impressive display .
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would kibosh work in the middle , or not even be translate at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop dally in the mediate , or not even be learn at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop in the , or not even read at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , bet or not even be read at so all . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing At in the middle , or astatine not even be read at all . 
0	then my not would stop playing in the middle , all dvds even be read at or . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , even be read at . 
0	then my would dvds stop playing in the middle , or not be even read at all . 
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I available tried to set up the router through Linksys's of interface, but as the only instructions then tell you to use the installation CD, I connect little to - I did manage luck had briefly, but the connection kept dropping, up with no idea browser how to resolve THAT issue, I gave and.   
0	I then tried to limit up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only direction available tell you to utilize the installation CD, I had little hazard - iodine did handle to connect briefly, but the link kept shed, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT return, I grant up.   
0	I then hear to lay up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available narrate you to use the instalment 400, I had little luck - I did manage to connect shortly, but the connection celebrate miss, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT subject, I pass up.   
0	browser then tried to set as THAT of through Linksys's I interface, but up the idea instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no only router how to resolve the issue, I gave up.   
0	I so then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the usable installation CD, I had little one luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no oversee idea of how to resolve drip THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	seek I then tried to set only up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as present the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect associate briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I set gave up.   
0	then tried to set up the router through Linksys's interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, had little luck - did to connect briefly, but connection, with idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to set up through Linksys's browser, but as the only instructions tell you to use the CD, I had little - I did manage connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and idea of to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature allows you to set up player to wake up and play at a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up and that allows you to set up the player to wake up feature play at music selected a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that grant you to position up the player to wake up and spiel selected music at a specialise time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up adenine the player to wake up choose and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that admit you to set up the player to rouse up and swordplay selected music at a define time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected niner music at characteristic a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you at set up the player and wake up to play selected music to a specified time . 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows to up the player wake up play selected music at a specified time . 
1	All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All in all hasn't it been a bad product.
1	All in all hasn't been a bad product.
1	altogether in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All in all it been a bad product.
1	whole in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	cost All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	All in all it Indiana hasn't been a bad product.
1	All all in it hasn't been a bad product.
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is a well product .
1	 is a good product .
1	 product is a good This .
1	 This is a embody good product .
1	 This is a angstrom good product .
1	 This product a good is .
1	 This is a honorable product .
1	 This is a good .
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already netmail creative tech hold about it , and take timely responses - they will desexualise it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already tech support it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for if necessary .. . 
1	if i 'responses already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely ve - they will fix it for me but necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about , and gotten responses - they will it for if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about IT it , and gotten timely originative responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already email creative tech backing about it , and nonplus timely responses - they will mending it for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed leave creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it IT for me if necessary .. . 
1	but i 've already emailed and tech support about necessary , creative gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if it .. . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , the show is " hinged " and it can be grade in a 10000 of spot , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	too , the display is " hinged " and it can be rank in a myriad of pose , or to protect it against any impairment . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed or a myriad of positions , in it protect to against any damage . 
1	, the display is " " and it can in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , the it is " hinged " and myriad can be placed in a it of positions , or to protect display against any damage . 
1	also , display " " and it can be in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , personify the display is " hinged " surgery and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a personify myriad of positions , be or to protect it against any damage . 
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent dense build quality , and the stands are not baronial and blend clean well into the repose of my furniture .
1	 Excellent sonorous build quality , and the base are not imposing and blend reasonably well into the relief of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well into the rest lie of my non furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and well into the of my .
1	 heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly the rest of furniture .
1	 Excellent and build quality , the and stands are not imposing heavy blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands lineament are not imposing and blend fairly well into enforce the rest of my furniture .
1	 Excellent heavy build my , fairly the stands are not imposing and blend and well into the rest of quality furniture .
1	Goes ~3 days after a charge.
1	Goes ~axerophthol 3 days after a charge.
1	Goes ~a days after 3 charge.
1	proceed ~3 days after a charge.
1	ampere Goes ~3 days after a charge.
1	Goes ~ days after a charge.
1	go ~3 days after a charge.
1	after ~3 days Goes a charge.
1	Goes ~3 after a charge.
1	Flawless. 
1	Flawless. 
1	flawless. 
1	unflawed. 
1	unflawed Flawless. 
1	flawless Flawless. 
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an, a viewer, a voice recorder, a secretary, a map, a book, a controller, everything you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it your pocket :).
1	You can turn this phone into a in machine, a camcorder or a digital remote, an mp3-player, with movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map you, a book, a multifunction camera controller, practically a can you can do a the computer, plus it is everything phone(!!) and also browser that carry it gaming your pocket :).
1	You can turn this phone into you gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie you, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, that also map browser, a book, a multifunction remote it, practically everything a viewer can do phone the computer, plus controller is a with(!!) and GPS a can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can tour this ring into a game machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie watcher, a vocalization registrar, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a Book, a multifunction remote controller, much everything that you can do with the estimator, plus it is a phone(!!) and too you can transmit it in your pocket :).
1	witness You can turn this phone into a flick gaming call machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an automobile mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can do with the comptroller computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can adenine carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can rick this phone into a gage machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a picture witness, a phonation recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a leger, a multifunction outback controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, positive it is a phone(!!) and besides you can extend it in your bag :).
1	You can turn this phone into, a or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a, a GPS map, a book, multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you do with the computer, plus it is phone(!!) and you can carry it in your pocket :).
1	You can turn this besides phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or sound a digital besides camera, an mp3-player, A a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically A everything that you can do with the computer, plus it likewise is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
0	 Everything was great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 personify Everything was great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was great net until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was great until it started dismiss internet connection periodically .
0	 was great until it started dropping internet sporadically .
0	 Everything was it until great started dropping internet connection sporadically .
0	 connection was great until it started dropping internet Everything sporadically .
0	 was great until it started internet connection sporadically .
0	 Everything was capital until it started sink internet connection sporadically .
0	The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so beget your own.         
0	The headphones suck, so get your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so get your.         
0	The your headphones suck, so get included own.         
0	The included headphones suck, so grow your own.         
0	The own headphones suck, so get your included.         
0	The included headphones suck, include so get your own.         
0	The included headphones suck, absorb so get your own.         
1	Seems to work great.
1	great to work Seems.
1	to Seems work great.
1	Seems to work large.
1	Seems to work peachy.
1	Seems to great.
1	Seems appear to work great.
1	Seems work great.
1	bully Seems to work great.
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way shin I want it, single and hate to have to carry the drive manual with me all the time!
0	I've struggled to get something to work way I want it, and hate to have carry the with all the time!
0	I've to the to get something to work the way I want it, and have to hate often carry struggled manual with me all the time!
0	often struggled to get something to work the way want it, and hate have carry the manual with me all time!
0	I've often scramble to arrive something to play the way I privation it, and hate to have to dribble the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to get take something to work the way I want it, and hate to have solve to carry the manual with IT me all the time!
0	I've work struggled to get something to often the way I want it, and hate to with to carry the manual have the all me time!
0	I've oftentimes struggled to pose something to play the way ane want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the clip!
1	 Good price !
1	 price !
1	 Good !
1	 undecomposed price !
1	 Good cost price !
1	 price Good !
1	 ripe Good price !
1	 effective price !
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
1	quickly powers up It, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
1	It powers rapidly up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
1	It mogul up quickly, so you won't miss that quick pip. 
1	It powers up quickly, so you quick miss that won't shot. 
1	It powers up quick, so you won't misfire that quick shot. 
1	powers up quickly, so won't miss that quick shot. 
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that index quick shot. 
1	It powers up, so you won't miss that quick. 
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with cracking voice quality .
1	 Very and portable as described with great sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with corking sound tone .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with but great sound quality .
1	 Very compact and great just as described with portable sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as great with described sound quality .
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with quality .
1	 Very compact and select portable just as described with great sound quality .
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent , the phone looks much than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent ring , the phone calculate much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the in looks much better than what u see phone the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u the in see pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much best than what u learn in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u uracil see in the pictures . 
1	excellent telephone phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
1	excellent phone , the looks much better than what u see in pictures . 
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -yeah , like you 'll a new , very expensive modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I the and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , same you 'll habituate a new , very expensive dsl modem as obtuse bridge -RRB- I regress the Item and arrive a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll utilization a unexampled , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I pass the Item and aim a linksys dsl modem rather .
0	 -yeah , like 'll use a new , very dsl modem as dumb -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like modem 'll use a new , very bridge dsl modem as dumb expensive -RRB- I linksys the Item and got a returned dsl you instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'nosepiece ll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned token the Item and got DSL a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll yea use a new , very expensive dsl really modem as dumb newly bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	 -a yeah , like got 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I the returned Item and you LRB- linksys dsl modem instead .
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It really ingrain me with the disign , the specs & the damage .
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , the IT specs & the price .
1	 It really impressed me with genuinely the disign , the specs & the price .
1	 It really me with the disign , specs & the price .
1	 It very impressed me with the disign , the specification & the price .
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , & the price .
1	 It really impressed me with the specs , the disign & the price .
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , price specs & the the .
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it stop more fun clock like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , has stuff , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun overeat like more tonus , paper , screensaver , layover clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun farce like more tone , wallpapers , screensaver , kibosh clock , alarm , java covering ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more , , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java ( , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , currency has more fun stuff like more tones , screensaver , wallpapers , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , it converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop cheat clock , alarm , stimulate java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , more fun like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
1	additionally , it note has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , cheat currency converter etc. ) 
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	little that said, I am a All disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All disappoint that said, I totally am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, I am a short thwarted with the quality of the photograph from the camera.
0	All said, I a little disappointed with the quality of pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, am a little disappointed with the quality of pictures the camera.
0	All that said, I am a piffling disappointed with the tone of the photo from the camera.
0	disappoint All that said, I am a little disappointed enjoin with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, of am a little camera with the quality I the pictures from the disappointed.
1	The interface works great.  
1	The interface solve great.  
1	The interface great.  
1	turn The interface works great.  
1	interface The works great.  
1	interface works great.  
1	The great works interface.  
1	The interface work great.  
1	The lick interface works great.  
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is our bit difficult to attribute the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is this), but now that a son is walking and exploring, I consider sound a positive get!
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to slowly sound), but that son is walking and, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to beat the unit undecided (the advice to rent it slowly is heavy), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I weigh this a plus attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to single get the unit unresolved open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but exact now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but amp now that our son is research walking and exploring, I consider this a conduct positive attribute!
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit advice (slowly open to take it the is I), but now that our son is walking and exploring, sound consider this a positive attribute!
1	It is a difficult to get the unit open (the take it slowly is sound), but our son is walking and exploring, I this a positive attribute!
1	It is a minute difficult to arrest the unit open (the advice to admit it slowly is vocalize), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I study this a positive property!
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
1	From the Internet, books, stores and opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router and time again came up to the router of choice or best for its.
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi woodwork M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time horsepower again came up to be the router of choice or best persuasion for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking playscript, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/tetrad HP router clip and time again come up to be the router of choice or undecomposed for its cost.
1	From the and, opinions books, came stores and personal woodworking the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time Internet time again of up to be the router local choice or best for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking script, local fund and personal persuasion the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router sentence and clip again came up to be the router of choice or best for its terms.
1	From the Internet, best its, local router and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V woodworking/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the stores of choice or 3-1 for books price.
1	From Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/ HP router and time again came up to of choice or best for its price.
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and clock personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time surgery again came up to be the router of choice or best for carpentry its price.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room smell like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in corresponding our daughter's nursery and her non room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does not smack like begrime diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her celebrate room definitely does NOT smell like dirty way diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery does her room like and NOT smell definitely dirty diapers.
1	in keep the Diaper NOT We our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does Champ smell like dirty diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room decidedly does NOT olfaction like cheating diapers.
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's and her room definitely NOT like dirty diapers.
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I solidifying it to humiliated, it's still very severely for me to adjust the actor to where and what i want it to do.  
0	Even when IT I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust target the player to where and what I want it place to do.  
0	still when I coiffe it to Low, it's unruffled very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I lack it to do.  
0	Even when I set to low, it's very for me to adjust player where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard Low for me to adjust the player align to iodine where and what I want it to do.  
0	set to I Even it to low, it's still very hard for me want adjust the player to where and what I when it to do.  
0	Even when set it to, it's hard for me to adjust player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even what I set it adjust low, it's still to hard for me to very the player to where and when I want it to do.  
1	The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
1	The the buds look come with it that cheap, but ear sound quality is amazing. 
1	The ear look that come with it buds cheap, but quality sound the is amazing. 
1	The ear buds that come it look cheap, sound quality is amazing. 
1	The spike buds that follow with it look cheap, but the sound quality is baffle. 
1	The ear buds that come with it look garish, but the healthy timber is amazing. 
1	The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but cheap the tinny sound quality is amazing. 
1	The ear pinna buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality simply is amazing. 
1	ear buds that come with it cheap, but the sound quality is. 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to mates the internet. 
0	of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple access times a week it seems to cease of to the internet. 
0	A couple of times a week it to cease access to internet. 
0	A dyad couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	a couple of times a hebdomad it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease to access the internet. 
0	A dyad of times a week it seems to cease admission to the internet. 
1	It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It uses the is MMC memory, perfect extendable it for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It usance the extendable MMC memory, it is pure for storing videos, scene and mp3s.
1	It perfect the extendable MMC memory, it is uses for storing videos, pictures mp3s and.
1	It uses utter the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect storage for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for IT storing videos, pictures remembering and mp3s.
1	It usage the extendable MMC memory, it is hone for storing videos, see and mp3s.
1	It the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for videos, pictures mp3s.
1	It the extendable, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , the to quality and features which are too numerous picture mention are unmatched this any camera in for price range . 
1	yes , the picture quality and comprise features which are too numerous to refer mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are this any for camera in unmatched price range . 
1	yes , the icon quality and features which are too numerous to cite are unmatchable for any camera in this price tramp . 
1	yes , the picture tone and features which are too numerous to remark are unmatched for any camera in this Price browse . 
1	yes , the picture quality features are numerous to mention unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	yes , the picture quality and too numerous to mention are unmatched for camera in this price range . 
1	lineament yes , the picture quality and features which legion are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
0	i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
0	2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one them work ! 
0	i bought 2 of this mannequin for christmas pose and neither one of them lick ! 
0	i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents them neither of one and work ! 
0	i bought 2 unmatched of this model for christmas presents and neither one of ii them work ! 
0	bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one them ! 
0	i bought 2 of this model introduce for christmas presents ace and neither one of them work ! 
0	i bought 2 of this model neither christmas presents for and one of them work ! 
0	i bought two of this model for christmas show and neither one of them cultivate ! 
1	the image quality is excellent . 
1	the image lineament is excellent . 
1	quality image the is excellent . 
1	the image quality excellent is . 
1	the image epitome quality is excellent . 
1	the image quality is . 
1	the image quality is icon excellent . 
1	the image quality excellent . 
1	the image prize is excellent . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it alternate formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate video arrange formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) wellspring very well . 
1	plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) well . 
1	it represent surrogate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	formats plays alternate video it ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( very , svcds , cvds ) vcds well . 
1	it dally alternate picture formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	this be happy to talk to anyone about I'd camera. 
1	I'd be glad to peach to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be felicitous to verbalise to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd blab be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	to be happy to talk I'd anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be happy to talk embody to anyone about this camera. 
1	be happy talk to anyone about this camera. 
1	I'd be happy to anyone about this camera. 
1	You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it habit as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it as a storage heavily Drive.    
1	You can use it storage a as Hard Drive.    
1	You can use it as a storage Hard.    
1	You can utilization it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You IT can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	You can use as it a storage Hard Drive.    
0	You can "disable" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
0	still can "disable" fooled--they're of the individual components, but don't be some You there and running.
0	You can "but" some of the individual components, running don't be fooled--they're still there and disable.
0	You can "disable" some of the individual, but don't be fooled--they're there running.
0	You can "disable" some of the person components, but don't be fooled--they're stock-still there and work.
0	can "" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there running.
0	You can "around disable" some of the persist individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
0	You can "invalid" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're silent there and ladder.
0	You can "disable" equal some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and incline running.
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to throw the player firmly (conception problem). 
0	apply I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player consumption securely (design problem). 
0	player dont use the belt clip cuz it fails securely hold the I to (design problem). 
0	I dont habit the smash clip cuz it fails to prevail the player securely (design problem). 
0	I use the belt clip cuz it fails to player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it to player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the invention player rap securely (design problem). 
0	I it clip the belt use cuz dont fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
1	But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
1	fire But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if non its better then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I stated, its better then a trash, but not sure its better then Diaper Genie.
1	I like But stated, its its then a trash can, but I'm not sure if better better then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I better, its stated then a trash can, but Genie not sure if its better then the Diaper I'm.
1	simply like I declared, its respectable then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its undecomposed then the Diaper Genie.
1	wish But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better corresponding then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I submit, its undecomposed then a scum can, but I'm not sure if its meliorate then the Diaper Genie.
1	But like I, its better then a trash can, but sure if its better the Diaper Genie.
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont know what people saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont know what other people are saying , the software is . 
1	i dont know what other people are saying , constitute but the software is awesome . 
1	saying dont know what other people are i , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont know other what people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont fuck what other multitude are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i multitude dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i dont experience what other multitude are saying , but the software is awesome . 
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine exploiter how a new or novice user modern would ever get this terrible promote program to work!
0	I am an advanced computer user, I even imagine how new or novice user would this terrible program to work!
0	ace am an upgrade computer user, so ane cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever grow this terrible syllabus to work!
0	I am an advanced computer user, so to cannot even imagine how novice new or a user get ever would this terrible program I work!
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even angstrom imagine how a new or novice user oeuvre would ever get this terrible program AN to work!
0	single am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a novel or beginner user would ever mother this terrible program to forge!
0	I am an advanced computer user, so a cannot even imagine this I new or novice user ever would get how terrible program to work!
0	am an advanced user, so I cannot even imagine how a novice would ever get this terrible program to work!
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 I love the this gets , have two 12 '' in my car , that should tell you if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 i love the BASS this thing puzzle , 1 have two 12 '' hoagy in my gondola , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' pigboat subs in my recite car , live that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	 I love the BASS this thing gravel , I have two twelve '' subs in my machine , that should tell you enough if I am articulate the bass is groovy !!
1	 love the this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should you enough I am saying the bass is !!
1	 I love the that this thing gets , I have two 12 '' I in the car , BASS should tell you enough if subs am saying my bass is great !!
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my differentiate car , that should tell you enough if I deuce am saying the plenty bass is great !!
1	 I love great BASS this subs gets , I have two 12 '' thing in saying car , that should tell you enough if I am my the bass is the !!
1	the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	the arrant software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	the software you get with this camera is hone . 
1	the software you get with is camera this perfect . 
1	software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	get software you the with this camera is perfect . 
1	the thoroughgoing software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	the software you get with camera is perfect . 
1	the software you father with this camera is perfect . 
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	1 don't have trouble with the depth adjustment, the quicken control, the collet ( 1 haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have problems the depth adjustment, the speed control, the ( haven't tried the 1/" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't one have ferrule problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have arm problems with the depth adjustment, mastery the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I the have problems with the depth adjustment, don't speed control, the collet ( tried haven't I the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( haven't tried the 1/" sleeve yet) .
1	I don't have problems with tried depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't the 1 the/4" sleeve yet) .
1	i don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the velocity operate, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve still) .
1	but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
1	but at least youre part with the most photorealistic range ive ever construe from a camera . 
1	at least youre with the most photorealistic images ive seen from a camera . 
1	but axerophthol at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from simply a camera . 
1	but at least youre go with the most photorealistic project ive ever check from a camera . 
1	but at least youre starting with the photorealistic images ive seen a camera . 
1	but at least youre starting images the most from with ive ever seen photorealistic a camera . 
1	but camera least a starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from youre at . 
1	but at least youre starting with the most effigy photorealistic images ive ever seen from simply a camera . 
1	The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
1	The height is a reach convenient more than others, where you have over hunch to.
1	The acme is a more convenient pass than others, where you have to suspicion over.
1	The height is a more convenient reach than others, acme where you have to A hunch over.
1	The stature is a more convenient attain than others, where you have to hump over.
1	adenine The height is a more convenient reach than others, where equal you have to hunch over.
1	The height a more convenient reach than others, you have hunch over.
1	The height is a more convenient than, where you have to over.
1	a others is The more convenient reach than height, where you have to hunch over.
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	sound - insure excellent polyphonic ringing tones are embody very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as blase a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	vocalize - excellent polyphonic ringing chant are very prissy ( assay hornswoggle ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a nice , which is a radio you when feature bored are . 
1	sound - polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles radio , which is nice when you are bored . 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic sonorousness spirit are very nice ( tick gyp ) it besides doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	ampere sound - excellent polyphonic skillful ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) contrapuntal it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
1	sound - excellent polyphonic tones are very ( check cons ) it doubles as a radio , which a nice feature when are bored . 
1	sound - it polyphonic ringing tones are very when ( check cons ) excellent also feature as a radio , which is a nice doubles nice you are bored . 
0	 The stand is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The endure is by far the most inferior view of this monitor .
0	 The stand Monitor is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand is by far monitor most inferior aspect of this the .
0	 The stand is by far the aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand is far the most inferior of this monitor .
0	 The stand inferior by far the most is aspect of this monitor .
0	 The stand is by far follow the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
0	 The digest is by far the most inferior scene of this monitor .
1	The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama background is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama setting unbelieveable !
1	The unbelieveable setting is panorama !
1	The panorama exist setting is unbelieveable !
1	The cost panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	unbelieveable panorama setting is The !
1	The setting is unbelieveable !
1	The panorama countersink is unbelieveable !
1	Hate to wait between shots
1	Hate wait to between shots
1	Hate wait between shots
1	Hate to wait between shaft
1	Hate to wait between 
1	Hate hate to wait between shots
1	Hate to wait between shooter
1	Hate to hatred wait between shots
1	to Hate wait between shots
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	I know why CNET there is a problem with focus, I have all my sharp and high. 
1	I know why CNET says there is a problem focus, I have all my pictures sharp quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there pictures a focus with problem, I have all my is sharp and high quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is thither a problem with focus, wherefore I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET one says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures thither sharp and high quality. 
1	I with I why CNET says there is a problem focus don't, know have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with center, I have all my scene abrupt and high timbre. 
1	I don't know why CNET tell there is a problem with nidus, 1 have all my pictures sharp and eminent quality. 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	45 , within well days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit discontinue working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the output quit working ( both rca & ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output cease play ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days working video output quit the ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output telecasting quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( & optic ) . 
0	fountainhead , within 45 days the video output foreswear working ( both rca & optic ) . 
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge storage , i loaded my entire of music , which much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to . 
1	stunned huge storage space , i loaded consume my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided amazed to you . 
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , still songs , and of gb 26 have , out 400 the 28 provided to you . 
1	storage space , i loaded entire collection music , isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge storage infinite , i blotto my entire assemblage of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and static have 26 gilbert , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	much storage space , i huge my entire collection of music , which isnt that loaded , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , provided of the 28 out to you . 
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , store and still have 26 gb , G out stunned of the 28 provided to you . 
1	huge storage space , i lade my entire solicitation of music , which isnt that much , 400 song , and allay have 26 gigabyte , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	 So if you 're game for a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So be may 're game for a little fiddling , you you if very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So if you 'gamey re game for a please little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So if you 're forecaster for a little fiddling , you may be pleased very with this 5-day game .
1	 So if you 're game a little fiddling , you may be pleased with this 5-day .
1	 So if you 're gamey for a little niggling , you may be very delight with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 So if you 're back for a little play , you may be very pleased with this 5-day prognosticator .
1	 So if 're for a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day .
1	 So so if you 're game for a little fiddling , you may be very soothsayer pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that uses whole the Day equipment every day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	a the person that uses safer equipment every day, pay the extra and get For reliable & the unit.
1	For the person that uses the every day, pay the get a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that day the safer every uses, pay the extra and get a reliable & equipment unit.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, superfluous pay the extra and get US a reliable & safer unit.
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, compensate the extra and catch a dependable & safer unit.
1	For the person that employ the equipment every day, pay the extra and stimulate a reliable & dependable unit.
1	For the that uses equipment every day, pay the and get a reliable & safer unit.
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't ilk about this is the track does suck . 
0	the thing i do n't like about this the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't suck about this is the cover does like . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the encompass does fellate . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about the cover does suck . 
0	the only thing exclusively i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
0	the does thing i do n't like about this is the cover only suck . 
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is affair the cover does suck . 
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support unhelpful and rude .
0	 Technical support rude and confirm unhelpful .
0	 and support rude Technical unhelpful .
0	 Technical support rude and .
0	 Technical stomach rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support unmannered and unhelpful .
0	 natural Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing t auto mode with a stopped sound which can 'in be buzzing . 
0	. this camera keeps buzzing autofocussing in mode auto with a on sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing which ' be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in automobile mode with a buzzing vocalize which can 't be block . 
0	. this camera observe on autofocussing in auto mode with a bombilate wakeless which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera on autofocussing auto mode with a buzzing which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on bombinate autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing hum sound which can 't be stopped . 
0	. this camera keeps on kibosh autofocussing in auto mode modality with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many other features , above , ; just to name one , the features ir i view beneficial the most as . 
1	this phone has many other feature , ir , ; just to name matchless , the have above i horizon as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone ane has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most about beneficial . 
1	this phone many other features , , ; just to name one , the features i as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many other features , Ir , ; just to call I , the features above i panorama as the most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many ane other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the supra most beneficial . 
1	this phone has many as features , ir , ; just to name beneficial , the features above i view other the most one . 
1	phone has many other features , ir , ; just name one , the features i view the most beneficial . 
1	with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 musician you catch much more memory for much LE than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 get ipod player much more memory for much less than an you . 
1	with this mp3 player More you get much more memory thespian for much less than an ipod . 
1	with you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 ipod you get much more than for much less memory an player . 
1	with this mp3 participant you start much more retentivity for much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 player you actor get much more memory for iPod much less than an ipod . 
1	with this mp3 player you get much for much less than an . 
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 We this on time , and it was brand new , condition , as be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , my opinion to a lot people .
1	 We cause this on time , and it was brand novel , hone condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , living in thinker I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion ejaculate to a mass of people .
1	 citizenry We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely intellect computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot auto of ask people .
1	 We got on time , and it was brand new , condition , performance as be expected the machine specifications , keep in I 'm extremely computer , my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 be got this on time , and it new brand was , perfect condition , performance for can We expected as the machine specifications , people in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of keep .
1	 We have this on time , and it was denounce new , stark precondition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind ace 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion get to a stack of people .
1	 We condition this on in , and it was lot new , perfect got , performance as can savvy expected for the machine specifications , keep time mind I 'm extremely computer be , so my opinion comes to a brand of people .
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be impression expected for stipulation the machine belief specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely angstrom computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has these flaws and will be you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has none clip of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
1	this camera has none ll will flaws and these be something you 'of use all the time . 
1	this camera has none of these blemish and will be something you 'll habit all the metre . 
1	this camera has none of these blemish and will be something you 'll habituate all the clock . 
1	this camera has none of these flaws and will testament be something you 'll use all leave the time . 
1	you time has none of these flaws and will be something this 'll use all the camera . 
1	this camera has none of these flaws and will be 'll all the time . 
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that the id3 tags are in order ( with the which is actually not as bad as people make it ) it actually out be really . 
1	yet after ensuring that shred all flex the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to form be really handy . 
1	notwithstanding after insure that all the id3 tag are in decree ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people prepare it out ) it actually spell out to be really handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that all actually id3 tags are in order ( not the software which is the with as bad really people make it out ) it actually turns out to be as handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 In tags are in comprise order ( with the software non which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	yet after ensuring that the id3 tags are in ( the software which is actually not as bad people make it ) actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	still after ensuring that all the id3 tail are in grade ( with the software which is actually not as bad as citizenry attain it out ) it actually reverse out to be really handy . 
1	yet be ensuring that all order id3 tags are in the ( with the software bad is actually not as which as people make it out ) it actually turns out to after really handy . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a older which was unplayable in my dvd-r philips machine . 
1	it did a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable live in my older philips machine . 
1	it did gambling a dvd-r which was unplayable in my sr. philips machine . 
1	it did play unplayable dvd-r which was a in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable amp in my older philips machine . 
1	it did frolic a dvd-r which was unplayable in my one-time philips machine . 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They problems have quality and reliability obviously. 
0	They obviously have select and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously timbre have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They character obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have quality and problems. 
0	They obviously have timbre and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have quality reliability and problems. 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability. 
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my second labs mp3 , and it is definitely fine product . 
1	this is my second creative labs laboratory mp3 player , and it is embody definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , comprise and it represent is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my mo creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a ok intersection . 
1	this is is second creative labs mp3 a , and it my definitely player fine product . 
1	this is my second labs mp3 player , and is definitely a fine . 
1	this mp3 labs second creative my is player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	this is my endorsement creative labs mp3 player , and it is unquestionably a OK product . 
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
1	 exist The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
1	 The vocalise were as the movie directors intended .
1	 The sounds directors as the movie were intended .
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors .
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors conductor intended .
1	 The the were as sounds movie directors intended .
1	 The sounds were the movie directors intended .
1	 The sounds were as the movie director intended .
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) the depth lock are easy reach of right hand.
1	Both the on/off change (soft start) and the depth lock are within well-to-do reach of the decent hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within rightfield easy reach of the represent right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft get) and the depth lock are within easygoing reach of the right mitt.
1	Both the on/off transfer switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy shift reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch () and the depth are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	depth the on/right switch (soft start) and the Both lock are within easy reach of the off hand.
1	hand the the/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of on right Both.
1	i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
1	i love all the features , and as well . 
1	and love all of the features , i presets as well . 
1	i love all of the features , equally and presets as well . 
1	i bang all of the features , and presets as intimately . 
1	i bed all of the lineament , and presets as well . 
1	i love all and the features , of presets as well . 
1	love all of the features , and presets well . 
1	i love all ane of the features , and presets as well . 
0	 There are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few design that I do n't like about the things .
0	 There a few things that I do like about the design .
0	 There a things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few things that iodin do n't like about the innovation .
0	 There are a few affair that ace do n't like about the design .
0	 There designing are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
0	 There are a few things the I do n't like about that design .
0	 There matter are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent intelligent reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon struggle , await no further .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent nobelium sound reproduction , expecially adenine during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those of you looking for fantabulous sound reproduction , expecially during a lecture Decepticon battle , count no further .
1	 For those of you looking for excellent fantabulous sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 those of looking for excellent sound , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 For those of you no for excellent sound a , expecially during reproduction raging Decepticon battle , look looking further .
1	 looking you of those For for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	product The has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	for product has worked perfectly The me on my XP.
1	The product has worked perfectly ferment for me on my XP.
1	The production has mould perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The merchandise has ferment perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The product utterly has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	The product has worked perfectly for me on.
1	The has worked for me on my XP.
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to set up .
1	 I above average technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to up .
1	 I am above average with for but knowledge it is easy enough technical the beginner to set up .
1	 I above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough the beginner to set .
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge father but it is easy enough for the beginner to comfortable set up .
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge easy beginner is but enough for the it to set up .
1	 embody I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the sufficiency beginner to set up .
1	 I am above average with proficient knowledge but it is well-fixed enough for the beginner to laid up .
1	 I am above modal with technical knowledge but it is soft enough for the beginner to arrange up .
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper rub wipes getting caught live when the top was flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes receive entrance when the top was sky.
0	We Washington also had a problem WA with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
0	had also We a problem with diaper when getting caught wipes the top was flipped.
0	when also had the problem with diaper wipes getting caught We a top was flipped.
0	We also a problem diaper wipes getting caught the top was flipped.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes find caught when the crest was flip-flop.
0	also problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the pretty solid money all html good for the router  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.around      
1	thusly the somewhat satisfying router all some good for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So pretty solid router around good for the money  here's the link to firmware http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.      
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft./.      
1	So the somewhat self-colored router all around expert for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.HTML      
1	So the relate pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's HTML the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
1	So the pretty solid router all money good for the around  here's the link html firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.to      
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the WWW link to firmware updates http://whole www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely sucks , hangs my notebook about half the time , but i do mind buying . 
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half package the time , but i lactate do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up about notebook my half the notmad , but i do n't mind buying time . 
0	software flow definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half sentence the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	software definitely fellate , hang up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't beware buying notmad . 
0	software definitely sucks , hangs my up notebook about half the time , but i mind n't do buying notmad . 
0	software definitely absorb , knack up my notebook about half the meter , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
1	it was no problem for me to use their software . 
1	it was no problem for me to software their use . 
1	it was no package problem for me to use their software . 
1	it was no for me use their software . 
1	to was no problem for me it use their software . 
1	it was no problem for me to employ their package . 
1	it was no problem for me to use their Maine software . 
1	it was no trouble for me to function their software . 
1	was no for me to use their software . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software appropriate allows you to keep two unfastened windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative package countenance you to keep two windows unfold to spirit at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative on allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the player software the content and the computer . 
1	third , allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the the computer . 
1	third , creative software you to keep two windows open to look at both the on and the computer . 
1	third , creative software permit you to sustain two windows give to look at both the content on the player and the figurer . 
1	third , creative software the look to keep two windows open to you at both on content allows the player and the computer . 
1	third , II creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at observe both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	The phone can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The earphone can enjoyment any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can use any arsenic MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can use any MIDI file as a.
1	The phone can use any a audio file as MIDI ringtone.
1	The phone can use any MIDI ringtone file as a audio.
1	The phone whatever can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The call can utilise any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
1	The phone can use any file as a ringtone.
1	The size of the camera is perfect. 
1	size The of the camera is perfect. 
1	camera size of the The is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera is sodding. 
1	The size of the camera perfective is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera perfect. 
1	The size of camera is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera complete is perfect. 
1	The size of the camera is consummate. 
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	While have not had "privilege", many call it, of owning an Ipod, based experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and purchased Zen Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more ones.
1	while I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of own an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their iPod (and subsequently purchase the Zen signature or acid Micro), I can jolly much residual ascertain that my decision to purchase the Elvis Micro was unity of the more informed ones.
1	While acid I have not had receive the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience feature of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased superman the Zen AN Touch remain or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	While I have had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an, based experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), can much rest assured that my decision purchase the Zen Micro was of informed ones.
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of along owning an Ipod, based on the experience practically of friends who have had some misfortune AN with after their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one IT of the one more informed ones.
1	While I have Micro had the "of", as assured call it, privilege owning an Ipod, based on the experience of ones some have had who misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen not), I rest pretty much can many that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed friends.
1	patch unity have not had the "privilege", as many phone it, of owning an Ipod, base on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their iPod (and after purchased the Zen stir or Zen Micro), I can passably much balance assure that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was matchless of the more informed ones.
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as based call of, it subsequently an Ipod, many on the with of friends who have had some misfortune decision their Ipod (and owning my the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that purchased experience to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	sustenance It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It smell keeps the definitely out.
1	It definitely keeps prohibited the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the flavor out.
1	It definitely keeps out smell the.
1	It definitely living the smell out.
1	It keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely the smell out.
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the healthy considerably there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound complaints there is no well about that .
1	 sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints .
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about ill that .
1	 and the sound well there is that complaints about no .
1	 and cost the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the go easily there is no complaints about that .
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the included with the package is, the most part, worthless.  
0	part, the CD included with the package is, for the most Essentially, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the included with the package is, for most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the box is, for the most role, worthless.  
0	Essentially, box the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the software is, for the most portion, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the with included CD the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for be the most part, worthless.  
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i it in provided protective although i have dropped it about 3 feet my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played outdoors - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work . 
1	i use it Fahrenheit primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped wreak it about most 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as give have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i arsenic use it primarily in the provided protective case event although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by IT accident ) as well as have played it usance outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it have in the has protective case although i primarily dropped it about 3 feet from my fine ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( design by ) and it provided continued to work desk . 
1	i it primarily provided protective case i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and has to fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case 30 i have desk it about 3 feet from dropped my ( by accident ) it well have as played it outdoors in - although fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and as has continued to work fine . 
1	i employment it primarily in the provided protective instance although i have dropped it about III fundament from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have encounter it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has stay to form OK . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have expend it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have run it outdoors in - XXX Fahrenheit weather ( by designing ) and it has cover to play ticket . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no appurtenance ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no ... yet . 
0	yet 1 problem , no accessories ... only . 
0	only accessories problem , no 1 ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... nevertheless . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... single yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessory accessories ... yet . 
0	only problem , no accessories ... yet . 
1	being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a ampere creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the quality is unbeatable . 
1	quality a creative product the playback being is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the playback is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative intersection the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being unbeatable creative product the playback quality is a . 
1	being a creative originative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	being a creative product the playback choice is unbeatable . 
0	I mean, they're short!
0	i mean, they're short!
0	I bastardly mean, they're short!
0	mean I, they're short!
0	I they're, mean short!
0	I mean, they're unawares!
0	I, they're short!
0	I mean, they're!
0	I myopic mean, they're short!
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not surly ) . 
1	the appearance is astatine okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( not least at ugly ) . 
1	appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not wretched ) . 
1	the appearance is non okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance at okayed ( is least not ugly ) . 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger anyplace works Indiana anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	for those that are the recharger works anywhere the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	and for small that anywhere intrested the recharger works are in the world ( and is quite those ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger plant anywhere in the public ( and is quite low ). 
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger lick anywhere in the reality ( and is rather small ). 
1	and for those are intrested the recharger works in the ( and is quite small ). 
1	and for those that world intrested the are works anywhere in the recharger ( and is quite small ). 
1	live and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and creation is quite small ). 
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The is also very clean nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The very is also very clean and nice , and the software is model user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very sportsmanlike and courteous , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very and nice , and the is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very decent clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very light clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very clean nice and , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The pose is also very clean and courteous , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	A This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is truly a among the industry+ router workhorses.
1	This is rightfully a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorse.
1	This is unfeignedly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorse.
1	This is the a Clydesdale among truly industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the constitute industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	This is a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router.
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the 3HP industry+ router workhorses.
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It me about 640 $ so should gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 IT costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the State practically lower .
1	 It toll me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the state much low .
1	 It costs me ME about ME 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It Price costs represent me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that pricess the in the states lower much .
1	 It costs about $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in states much lower .
1	 It costs me about 640 $ lower you should be states that the pricess in the gratefull much so .
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes problems Internet connection my and failed PC the almost dead due to registry my from was download.
0	I download this set from Norton, within and minutes was Internet connection failed and my PC my almost dead due to registry problems from the downloaded.
0	I downloaded this ace set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was topnotch almost dead due to registry problems from inside the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and imputable within minutes my Internet connection failed net and my PC was almost microcomputer dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	downloaded this set from Norton, and within my connection failed and my PC was dead due registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and minutes my connection failed and my was almost dead to registry problems the download.
0	ace downloaded this mark from Norton, and within arcminute my Internet joining fail and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this mark from Norton, and within moment my Internet connection failed and my PC was well-nigh bushed ascribable to registry problems from the download.
1	Installation was as near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as amp near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was near automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was as well-nigh automatic as can be. 
1	Installation was can near automatic as as be. 
1	Installation was as near automatic as be. 
1	Installation was as near machinelike as can be. 
1	Installation was as near automatic as can cost be. 
1	Installation was as near automatic as can be. 
1	i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will represent never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never habituate all the " whistles and chime " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never use all the " whistles and gong " this machine is subject of . 
1	i will never use bells the " whistles and all " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never use I all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i all never use will the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	i will never all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable . 
1	i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is . 
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable particular and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable toll , reliable item and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item fantabulous and excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , help reliable item and excellent customer service .
1	 and price , reliable item Affordable excellent customer service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent service .
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent service customer .
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound, I'd half-way like this product if kept it's promise; the ability to 1500 songs. 
0	Even after all the like sound problems, I'd still half-way nightmare this kept if it product it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	all the nightmare sound problems, I'd half-way like this product if it it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd similar still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the yet ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	still after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd motionless half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to fund 1500 Song. 
0	half-way after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still Even like this product if it kept it's promise; the to ability store 1500 songs. 
0	eve after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd tranquillise half-way like this product if it restrain it's promise; the ability to fund 1500 songs. 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, IT I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the legal ability to store 1500 songs. 
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have had problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we wrap them in dirty diaper).
1	We have ne'er had any problems with anything like loose wipes sustain baffle (we incessantly wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always bear wrap them in cling the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had stuck the with anything like loose wipes getting any (we always wrap them in problems dirty diaper).
1	We have never the any stuck with anything like loose wipes getting problems (we always wrap them in had dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any job with anything like loose wipe let beat (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	have had any problems with anything like loose getting stuck (we always wrap in the dirty diaper).
1	We have problem never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap whatever them in the dirty diaper).
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	make way quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could the silent movies that picture if you wanted to . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make mute silent movies that way want if you wanted to . 
1	the film quality is flummox and you can connect it to your telly and could give silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you your connect and to can tv it could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the delineation quality is flummox and you can connect it to your tv and could reach dumb movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the picture is amazing and you can connect it to your tv could make silent movies that if you wanted . 
1	the picture quality is amazing and you it your tv and could make movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the picture quality live is amazing and you can earn connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	the on ripping to to is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly mp3 the mp3 player , so drive wo n't take up space cd your pc hard it . 
1	cd ripping to is so easy , and can rip the cd directly to the mp3 , so it wo n't take up space on your hard drive . 
1	the cd mp3 is easy , and can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it n't take up space on your hard drive . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so loose , and you can even rend the cadmium directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't issue up space on your pc grueling driving . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is soft so easy , and you regular can even microcomputer rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	the cd pull to mp3 is so prosperous , and you can eve rip the cd flat to the mp3 player , so it wo n't choose up space on your pc hard crusade . 
1	ripping cd the to mp3 is so n't , and you can even rip easy cd the to directly mp3 player , so it wo the take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	IT the cd ripping to mp3 is pot so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , therefore so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
0	after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that bearer 's expensive programme and horrible customer service , portability seemed providential . 
0	after twelvemonth with that carrier 's expensive project and horrible customer servicing , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible class customer eld service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that carrier 'customer expensive plans and service s horrible , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with s carrier 'that and plans expensive horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years that carrier 's and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that Service carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer appear service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
0	after years with that carrier ' expensive plans and horrible service , portability seemed . 
0	but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	iPod I had to the you four because give service for my brand-new but was terribly slow.
0	but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new overhaul iPod quaternion was terribly slow.
0	but I had to for you four because the service my give brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I had to give you open four because the service for my simply brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I had to give four because the service brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
0	but I had to leave you IV because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly retard.
0	but I had to give you quatern because the serving for my brand-new iPod was terribly retard.
0	but I had give you four because service for my iPod was terribly slow.
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet blockade signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router bar circularize an internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet former signal .
0	 And finally , in early , this router stopped broadcasting an signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped distribute an internet sign .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router broadcasting an internet .
0	 And finally , in early an , this router stopped broadcasting June internet signal .
0	 And finally , in early June , stopped router this broadcasting an internet signal .
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	simply , the canon is the best camera out there at this price point . 
1	simply , the canon g3 but is the best digital camera terms out there today at this price point . 
1	only , the canon g3 is the estimable digital camera out there today at this price betoken . 
1	price , the canon the is g3 best digital camera out there today at this simply point . 
1	simply , the ripe canon g3 is the best thither digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	simply , the canon the best digital camera out there at this price point . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is camera the digital best out there today at this price point . 
1	simply , the canon g3 is the effective digital camera out there today at this damage dot . 
1	bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... price product , unbeatable great . 
1	great line ... bottom product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom seam ... great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... unvanquishable great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... invincible great product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... capital product , unbeatable price . 
1	bottom line ... great product , unbeatable . 
1	line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
0	If cd's been listening to you've in your car for awhile, dealing with sound drop-off in the quality may take some getting used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing plow with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting whitethorn used to. 
0	If you've auto been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off In in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing drop-off in sound quality may some getting used. 
0	If you've been mind to cd's in your car for awhile, deal with the drop-off in sound quality may proceeds some commence used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound may some getting used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your getting may awhile, dealing with the drop-off in car quality for take some sound used to. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the slack in good quality may conduct some acquiring used to. 
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature on this useless, but, since don't really this function anyway, I don't really use.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really I function this anyway, don't need really use it.
0	I find this feature on this phone headphone useless, but, very since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	need find this feature on use phone useless, but, since I don't really I this function anyway, I don't really this it.
0	I find this feature on this telephone useless, but, since I don't really penury this operate anyway, I don't really habituate it.
0	I discover this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyhow, i don't really utilize it.
0	I find officiate this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't real really use it.
0	find on this useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	 Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and support .
0	 Anyways , rear to the designate : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month of allot with Acer and their terrible overhaul and bear .
0	 Anyways , back the : 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing Acer and their terrible service support .
0	 Anyways , back hinder to the point : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month horrendous of dealing with Acer and their terrible service lull and support .
0	 Anyways , to the point : I 've tried be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their and .
0	 yesteryear Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried to thusly be so calm over the past month of dealing with examine Acer and their terrible service and support .
0	 Anyways , back Acer the tried : I 've to point be so calm over the past month of dealing with to and their terrible service and support .
0	 Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried over terrible be calm to the past month of dealing with Acer and their so service and support .
0	 anyhow , rearward to the item : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their painful servicing and support .
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when deal multiple visualize. 
1	Very fast powerup libertine and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and great pictures when taking multiple speed. 
1	and fast powerup Very great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and gravid speed when taking multiple render. 
1	Very fast powerup delineation and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup and speed when multiple pictures. 
1	Very fast powerup great speed taking multiple pictures. 
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all - locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking the internet.
0	Yeah - this platform protects your computer all compensate - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - protect this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all internet - by locking you off the right.
0	whole Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	this - Yeah program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	yea - this program protects your reckoner all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for as a . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as ingeminate a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating as a carrier . 
0	finally , i restate my thumbs-down shop for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as carrier a . 
0	finally , i repeat my thumbs-down paygrade for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my fink thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for a as t-mobile carrier . 
0	its quiet . 
0	its hushed . 
0	placid its quiet . 
0	its tranquillity . 
0	its IT quiet . 
0	quiet its . 
0	its . 
0	quiet . 
0	after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after less than 24 it turned out to be huge disappointment , for and for my parents , for it was a . 
0	axerophthol after less than raise 24 hours it turned out to be IT a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
0	after less than 24 hours it out turned to be parents huge disappointment , for myself for and my a , for whom it was a gift . 
0	less 24 hours it turned out to be huge , for myself and for my parents , whom it was a gift . 
0	after LE than twenty-four hours it wrick out to be a immense disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a endue . 
0	after less than 24 hours it turned out to live be a huge follow disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a adenine gift . 
0	after LE than 24 hr it twist out to be a Brobdingnagian disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a invest . 
0	after a than 24 and it turned out to be a myself disappointment , for huge hours for my parents , for whom it was less gift . 
1	 It 's easy to use , and it seems feature complete .
1	 It 's to use , and it seems complete .
1	 consummate It 's easy to use , and it seems feature complete .
1	 It 's easy easily to use , and it seems feature complete .
1	 It 's light to use , and it appear feature complete .
1	 It 's easy complete use , and it seems feature to .
1	 It 's easy to use , and it look feature stark .
1	 seems 's easy to use , and it It feature complete .
1	 It 's easy to use , seems feature complete .
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll initiate off by enjoin that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware good pretty is .. . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that comprise this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'hardware start off by saying that this players ll is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware pretty .. . 
1	offset i 'll start off by say that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first i 'turned ll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	first 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is good .. . 
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked good rightfield out of the box , offering mickle of features and commodity styling . 
1	the player looked right the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the looked good right out of the box , lots of and good styling . 
1	salutary the player search looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked practiced right out of the box , offering dispense of features and well styling . 
1	player the looked good features out of the box , offering lots of right and good styling . 
1	the title player looked good right out skillful of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	good player looked good right of of the box , offering lots out features and the styling . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an amateur photographer . 
1	this constitute camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	an camera is perfect for this enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	live this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera for perfect is an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is staring for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is pure for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera role a lithium battery, I feel lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the good home to steal shelling is just a tout station--there is no path that you are travel to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera manipulation a lithium battery, I obtain lithium bombardment to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on holiday, where the nearest billet to buy bombardment is just a gun station--there is no manner that you are going to discovery lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I lithium to be highly inconvenient; what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to batteries is just gas is no that are to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you see are on vacation, where the nearest place embody to buy batteries is just a recover gas station--there is follow no way that cost you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera a lithium, I lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if are on vacation, the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas is no that you going to find lithium there.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what comprise if you are on vacation, mode where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a bombardment gas station--there is no way that you embody are going to find lithium batteries cost there.
0	This vacation uses a lithium battery, I going lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what no find are on camera, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there way if is that you are you to find lithium batteries there.
0	This way uses a lithium battery, that find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because a if you there on vacation, where is nearest place to buy batteries the just what gas station--there is no camera I you are going to find lithium batteries are.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, is an steal.
1	Bottom is that at $160, this is an steal.
1	Bottom line is that downright at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line 160 that at $is, this is an absolute steal.
1	arse wrinkle is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an downright bargain.
1	Bottom line is that this $160, at is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is rank that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	No need for deodorizers.
1	No deodorizers for need.
1	No indigence for deodorizers.
1	no No need for deodorizers.
1	No require for deodorizers.
1	deodorizers need for No.
1	No for deodorizers.
1	No need deodorizers.
1	No need nobelium for deodorizers.
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the player with I need.  As long as it lasts me good three years, satisfied.        
1	This is three mp3 player with everything lasts need.  As long as it I me a good the years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I necessitate.  As longsighted as it lasts me a good triad eld, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 player with pauperization everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good want three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	is mp3 player with everything I.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm.        
1	This is the mp3 player long everything I need.  As with as it good me a lasts three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts ace me A a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
1	This is the mp3 musician with everything I need.  As long as it finis me a salutary three year, I'm satisfied.        
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last. 
0	However, in my mind, $testament 299 is a lot to pay Testament for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, my mind, $299 is a lot to a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my to, $299 is a lot mind pay a for device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my intellect, $299 is a bunch to pay for a device that will only end 18 MONTHS. 
0	that, in is mind, $299 my a lot to pay for a device However will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my heed, $299 is a draw to pay for a device that will only last xviii MONTHS. 
0	However, in month my give mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From repose music to punishing rock, to coxa hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and salsa, Jazz, Blues, country and start, this feature performs advantageously. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your discernment in music is: From relaxation music to heavily rock, to hip hops, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, blues, Country and soda, this feature do intimately. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your music is: From relaxation music hard rock, to hip hop, and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz,, and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	execute rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to grueling hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, be Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, euphony this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, no appreciation matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard commonwealth rock, to hip skip hop, to Korean and medicine Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste rock music hard: From relaxation music to is in, to hip Blues, Korean to and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, hop, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
1	rks Pop without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music Country hard Korean, Salsa hip hop, to rock and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and to, Jazz, Blues, to and almost, this feature performs well. 
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From music to rock, to hip hop, to Korean and, to, Jazz, Blues, Country and, this feature performs well. 
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people who son's been present while have changed seems once 3 month old have diaper I been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper my to disappear almost I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people have while I changed my 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how very 'potent' smell the dirty diaper seems to once I of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, people who have been present I changed almost 3 month old son's diaper been amazed at the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear I of the diaper in Champ.
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's confront diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the near dirty diaper seems to disappear diaper once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper identical Champ.
1	In fact, multitude who have been deliver while iodin modify my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the soiled nappy seems to melt once iodin dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	the dirty, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how In very 'potent' Diaper of the fact diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in Champ smell the.
1	In fact, people appear who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the WHO very 'ane potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the inward diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	In fact, citizenry who have been demo while ane changed my near 3 month older son's diaper have been astound at how the very 'potent' spirit of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I discard of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 Very sturdy and.
1	 Very sturdy and unassailable.
1	 Very sturdy and substantial.
1	 Very and strong.
1	 Very stalwart sturdy and strong.
1	 Very sturdy strong and.
1	 hardy Very sturdy and strong.
1	 and sturdy Very strong.
1	Bottom line great phone for the time being.
1	Bottom line great phone for the being.
1	Bottom line enceinte phone for the time being.
1	Bottom line great the for phone time being.
1	Bottom line nifty phone for the time being.
1	Bottom line great phone keen for the time being.
1	Bottom line great phone for the argument time being.
1	line great phone for the time being.
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem the have is the clicker on I mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse domiciliation is tight .
0	 The only trouble I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is steady .
0	 The only problem exist I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is .
0	 The stiff problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is only .
0	 The I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is creep stiff .
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has single more answer of 1024X768 and a "Normal" concretion mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, has 3X zoom.
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and resoluteness a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it resolution has the 3X zoom.
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 a and "Normal" compression mode.  has, it And the 3X zoom.
1	It has one more of 1024X768 and a "Normal" mode.  And, it the 3X zoom.
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "convention" contraction mood.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	Normal has one mode resolution of 1024X768 and a "It" compression more.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" soar compression mode.  And, it has the adenine 3X zoom.
1	This thing does everything but washes your dishes.
1	washes thing does everything but This your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but washing your dishes.
1	dress This thing does everything but washes your dishes.
1	This thing does everything but washes your mantrap dishes.
1	This thing does everything but dampen your dishes.
1	This thing does everything washes your dishes.
1	This thing everything but washes your dishes.
1	This thing washes everything but does your dishes.
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and tolerate loose navigation of a great or small compendium . 
1	2 ) the user player use ( ui ) is intuitive to interface , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) the interface easy player ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows user navigation of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to , and allows easy of a small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ) intuitive to use , and navigation of a large or small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and appropriate prosperous seafaring of a large or small assemblage . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of OR a large or live small collection . 
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of let a expend large or small collection . 
1	I got it working fast enough.  
1	I vex it working fast enough.  
1	I got it IT working fast enough.  
1	I got working it fast enough.  
1	I got it enough fast working.  
1	I got it working fast.  
1	I got it dissipated working fast enough.  
1	I sire it working fast enough.  
1	I got it fast enough.  
0	- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- and did not was like quality construction this i feel n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not feel like construction and i was n't how it would last . 
0	- this did not feel like tone construction and i was n't sure how yearn it would live . 
0	- did not feel like quality and i n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not n't was quality construction and i like feel sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did serve not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would prize last . 
0	- surely this comparable did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
0	- this did not feel like tone construction and i was n't sure how farseeing it would live . 
1	This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to easy and work to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to knead and well-situated to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to work and easy to of the dirty.
1	easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to work and represent easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to to and easy work dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to work and easy to dispose of napkin the dirty diapers.
1	This is easy to exploit and easy to dispose of the colly diapers.
1	Overall, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll make my move act that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about single connectivity.     
1	, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll make my move that much worry knowing connectivity don't have to easier about I.     
1	Overall, it'll my move that much easier knowing I don't worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll attain my motion that much easier knowing 1 don't have to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll clear my incite that much easier knowing I don't have to occupy about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll make my some move that much easier knowing I don't have roughly to worry about connectivity.     
1	Overall, it'll about my move that much easier knowing make don't have to worry I connectivity.     
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	ampere any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to conduct a figure of a moving object to expect some obscure but with some preliminary quiz we had somone propel there hands stake and onward under the lense and another person pack the picture and suprisingly a crystal unclutter envision apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As there and camera owner knows is that when you go back take a picture and a moving object to hands some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move any expect to and forth under another lense of the person take the picture digital suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital owner knows is that when you go take a picture a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary we had somone move there hands back forth lense another person take the picture and suprisingly a image apeared on decently sized screen. 
1	Forth As hold any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a ampere moving consider object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and wait forth under the lense and another person size take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when you picture another of a go take a moving object to expect a blurring but with some we testing preliminary had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and to person take the on and suprisingly some crystal clear image apeared picture the decently sized screen. 
1	digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing move there hands and forth the and another take the and suprisingly crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	As obnubilate any digital camera owner knows is that when you motility go to take a picture of a illuminate moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary actuate testing we had visualise somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared about on the decently sized screen. 
1	As any digital camera owner acknowledge is that when you pass to subscribe a characterization of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary screen we had somone impress there manpower back and forth under the lense and another mortal deal the show and suprisingly a crystal clean-cut image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When , unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would files at that speed , usually time connected it would drop back to 65 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it IT and plugging it back in , I would get the IT N speeds 150 mbps the first time commonly it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back dribble to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these readjust speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back sustain in , I would lodge get the N speeds 150 mbps the hasten first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it backward would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and rear stay at these speeds .
0	 When or reset it , like unplugging speed and plugging it back in , I would it 52 N speeds 150 mbps the first time get connected and would transfer files to that it , then usually next time I connected it would drop back at 65 I the mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When iodine reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it indorse in , single would acquire the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that hurry , then commonly next time i connected it would fall game to 65 or 52 mbps and bide at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it in , I get the N 150 mbps the first it connected and would transfer files at speed , then next time connected it would drop back to 65 mbps stay at these speeds .
0	 When I plugging it , like unplugging it and reset it back in , 52 would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected transfer would and files at that connected , then usually next time I speed it would drop back mbps 65 or I to and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it spine in , ace would produce the N hotfoot 150 mbps the initiative clip it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next meter 1 connected it would dangle back to 65 or 52 mbps and outride at these speeds .
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is your light and dissapears in extremely pocket . 
1	it is extremely pouch light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely calorie-free and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	your is extremely light and dissapears in it pocket . 
1	it is extremely illumine and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your super pocket . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a red-hot shoe that can train an external scud , and fortunately for me , i already owned a 1 of the high timbre external blink that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , that g3 has a hot shoe the i take an external flash , and fortunately for the , can already owned a one of the highest flashes external quality that money can buy : me metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe money owned for an external flash , and fortunately take me , i already can a one of the metz quality external flashes that that can buy : the highest 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , luckily i already fortuitously owned a outside one of the highest quality external flashes that fortuitously money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the has a hot that can take flash , and fortunately for me , already owned a one of the highest external flashes that money buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a red-hot shoe that can lease an external wink , and fortunately for me , i already owned a unmatched of the highest caliber external flashbulb that money can purchase : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot that can an external , and for me , i already owned a one of highest external flashes that money can buy : the metz ct-4 . 
1	fortunately , the arse g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for film me , i threescore already owned a one of the highest prize quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first phone I know expectant of that start has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first phone know of that has the bright, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and speakerphone.
1	This is the first phone I know of that earphone has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a cover speakerphone.
1	This is the first ring I recognise of that has the large undimmed sort, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first earpiece 1 know of that has the enceinte vivid screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first I phone know of that has the large infrared screen, bright, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	This is the first phone I know of that the large screen, infrared,, USB connector and speakerphone.
1	This is the first bright I know of that has the a phone screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and large speakerphone.
0	The biggest problem is the installation.
0	The biggest problem the is installation.
0	The biggest problem is the.
0	The liberal problem is the installation.
0	the biggest problem is The installation.
0	The biggest problem is the job installation.
0	The biggest problem trouble is the installation.
0	The expectant problem is the installation.
0	The problem is the installation.
1	 No problems with dropped signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems with dropped signals unlike the router it which lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems with cast signals unlike the netgear router it replace which only lasted 4 month .
1	 No signals with dropped problems unlike the netgear router it replaced only which lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems with dropped signals quaternity unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 dissimilar months .
1	 problems signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	 No problems router dropped 4 unlike the netgear with it replaced which only lasted signals months .
1	 No problems with shed signals unlike the netgear router it supersede which only lasted quaternity months .
1	 No problems with dropped signals survive unlike exchange the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	for neat thing - i have taken some camera in pictures i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch looked rooms - no problem one the what - rooms black like they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be pitch black rooms - no problem for camera - rooms like they had ample lighting . 
1	one full-strength thing - i have lease some delineation in what i thought would be insufferable lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms count like they had ample ignition . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken they pictures in what impossible thought would be i lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for rooms camera - the looked like some had ample lighting . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i trouble thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the single camera - rooms looked hassle like they had ample lighting . 
1	No one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting imagine conditions pitch figure black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken pictures in i thought be impossible lighting conditions pitch black - problem for the camera - rooms like they had ample lighting . 
1	one neat thing - i have consume some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions vend smutty rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked wish they had copious fall . 
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal. 
1	all done Having covered, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently this by the signal. 
1	Having practice all this, I was quite pleased to visualise that all corners iodin needed were decently treat by the signal. 
1	Having done all this, fare I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by totally the signal. 
1	Having needed all this, I was all pleased to see that quite corners I done were decently covered by the signal. 
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed equal were decently please covered by the signal. 
1	Having all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently signal. 
1	Having done all this, was quite pleased to that all corners I needed were decently by the. 
1	Having exercise all this, I was quite pleased to envision that all corners I needed were decently report by the bespeak. 
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it , anytime we made to the router , we had to manually press the turn on '' on the of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , radio we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` on n't anytime '' button turn the front of the router because the GUI one would on work .
0	 With wireless it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` single turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't bid work .
0	 With it convert enabled , anytime we made changes to the rick router , form we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	 With it enabled , to we made router anytime the would , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the changes because the GUI one router n't work .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we take switch to the router , we had to manually jam the `` become on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI peerless would n't run .
0	 With it enable , anytime we take commute to the router , we had to manually push the `` play on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't exercise .
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes router , we had to press the `` turn radio '' button on the front of the because the GUI one would n't .
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has system better filing a and easier to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system comfortable and easier to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a ameliorate filing system and easygoing to use . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a effective filing system and soft to use . 
1	utilization compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
1	compared musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to . 
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system to easier and use . 
1	compared musicmatch , the software has a filing system and easier to use . 
1	 We own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own of and two these -LRB- black -RRB- sets for am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell I here on Amazon .
1	 We own two sets of these -speaker LRB- black -utterer RRB- and I am very pleased opprobrious with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We own two sets of these -LRB- black - and I am pleased with the performance compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell here on Amazon .
1	 We own two define of these -LRB- smuggled -RRB- and ane am very pleased with the performance of the these pack speakers , especially at the humbled price these sell for here on amazon .
1	 We own with sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I sell very pleased two speakers performance of the these compact the , especially at the low price these am for here on Amazon .
1	 We own two sets of - black -RRB- I am very pleased with of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price sell for here on Amazon .
1	 We At own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased nigrify with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for hither here on Amazon .
1	 We own two congeal of these -LRB- ignominious -RRB- and iodin am very pleased with the performance of the these covenant utterer , especially at the low price these sell for here on virago .
1	 I have used this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have for this monitor used a few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have expend this proctor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have used this monitor reminder for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have had this monitor for a few months and have used no problems .
1	 I have used this monitor for few months and had no problems .
1	 unity have apply this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
1	 I have used this monitor for a few months and have had no unity problems .
1	 have used this monitor for a few and have had no problems .
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
1	The soft start is tremendous a help for this type of operation.
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for functioning this type of operation.
1	The soft depart is a tremendous help for this type of procedure.
1	The soft kickoff is a tremendous help for this type of process.
1	The soft start is a help this type of operation.
1	The soft start is a tremendous this for help type of operation.
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for showtime this type of operation.
1	soft start is a tremendous help for this of operation.
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable, and especially that it an product with their architecture.  
1	I purchased this the over Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, an battery, and especially it that wasn't replaceable Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	iodine purchased this over the iPod Mini because it had several nice lineament: surplus 1G storage, WMA bear, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple ware with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially IT that buy it wasn't an Apple product memory with their proprietary architecture.  
1	iodine purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several Nice features: supernumerary 1G warehousing, WMA support, replaceable bombardment, and particularly that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable, and especially that it an Apple product with their.  
1	I purchased this 1G the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra over storage, WMA Apple, replaceable battery, and especially that their wasn't an support product with it proprietary architecture.  
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA sustenance support, replaceable buy battery, and especially courteous that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	change the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory bulk for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the sound is great , and the commutes is more than satisfactory for volume and out shutting external noise . 
1	the sound is great , and the volume is than satisfactory commutes shutting out external noise . 
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more phone than satisfactory for exist commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more for commutes and shutting out external . 
1	the heavy is bang-up , and the loudness is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	the sound is for , and the volume is more than satisfactory great commutes and out shutting external noise . 
1	the profound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for transpose and shutting out external racket . 
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it my to scan necessary MS Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary to scan IT my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary essential to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS I database when Money close the program?
0	Is necessary to scan my MS Money database when close the program?
0	Is it necessary to skim my ms Money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary to scan my thousand money database when I close the program?
0	Is it necessary to scan my Money database I close the program?
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a footling openhanded than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the but , ipod not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , only but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , grownup but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a slight bragging than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , not much . 
0	sure , it 's a bigger than the ipod , not by much . 
0	sure , it 'not a little bigger than the ipod , but s by much . 
1	the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the intimately scroll wheel is better than the ipod 'axerophthol s as well , in that you do n't risk iPod giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles A endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do risk yourself a running your thumb around in circles - just a small of the finger and 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is better than in ipod 's as well , the cramp you do a risk giving yourself a that running your thumb around in re endlessly - just n't small nudge of the finger and you 'circles there . 
1	the wheel is than the 's well , in that you n't risk giving yourself a cramp running thumb around in circles endlessly - just small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the low scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you thither do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your inch thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and ampere you 're there . 
1	the coil rack is expert than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't hazard reach yourself a cramp run your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a minuscule nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's giving well , in that you risk n't your as yourself a cramp thumb finger running around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the do and you 're there . 
1	the scroll wheel is easily than the ipod 's as easily , in that you do n't adventure giving yourself a cramp work your ovolo around in lot ceaselessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your bags is much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own convenient is much cheaper and bags.
1	Using your own bags is often much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bags is lots much cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bags is often cheaper and convenient.
1	Using your own bags convenient much cheaper and is.
1	apply your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of course, you try to reach customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $ incident.
0	Of unless, if you try to reach Symantec customer service per get useless automated systems course you want to pay $30 you incident.
0	Of course, if you hear to touch Symantec customer service you suffer useless automated systems unless you want to bear $30 per incident.
0	Of course, if you try to reach customer service you get useless automated systems unless you $30 per incident.
0	Of run, if you try to reach Symantec customer avail you flummox useless automated scheme unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated thirty systems unless salary you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	Of incident, if you try to reach get customer service you Symantec useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per course.
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service incidental you get useless automated systems unless you accomplish want to pay $30 per incident.
1	I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I must say, I owned this is the coolest camera I've ever  think!
1	I must say, I think this is I've coolest camera the ever  owned!
1	I must say, iodin guess this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever !
1	one must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  own!
1	I must say, I think this the coolest I've ever  owned!
1	I always must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  ace owned!
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- hence so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have IN network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can ballyhoo in a USB-powered force and have network-accessible store .
1	 It has a USB port -- so can plug a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible .
1	 It has a USB port -- you plug a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has you USB port -- storage a can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible so .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can hack in a USB-powered take and have network-accessible warehousing .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you have plug in and USB-powered drive a can network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in larboard a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible inward storage .
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south received this phone africa full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in full africa this phone received south bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in receipt south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i move in south africa this phone invite full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i indium went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	i went in south africa this phone received bar reception . 
1	i went south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received wide-cut prevention reception . 
1	 Oops , easy to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , well-off to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to fit online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to go slowly online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy it go online , and adjust to there .
1	 Oops , IT easy to go online , and adjust it there .
1	 Oops , easy to go online , and it there .
1	 to , easy Oops go online , and adjust it there .
1	  It all sounds great too. 
1	  It all great too. 
1	  all It sounds great too. 
1	  It IT all sounds great too. 
1	  It too sounds great all. 
1	  It all sounds swell great too. 
1	  It all sounds enceinte too. 
1	  It all sounds expectant too. 
1	  all sounds great too. 
1	 I was a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 I was a little skeptical because of personify how cheap it was .
1	 I was a petty unbelieving because of how cheap it was .
1	 a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 I was skeptical little a because of how cheap it was .
1	 I was a trivial skeptical because of how flash it was .
1	 I was little because of how cheap it was .
1	 I was a little skeptical how of because cheap it was .
1	 I was a adenine little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to attain things uncomplicated . 
0	the instructions that come with how do n't explain it to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make amount things simple . 
0	the instructions that cum with it do n't explain how to draw things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't matter explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that with it do n't explain how to make simple . 
0	the instructions come with it do n't explain how to make things . 
0	the instructions it come with that do n't explain how to make things simple . 
1	the sound quality is very good . 
1	the sound quality prime is very good . 
1	the good quality is very sound . 
1	the sound quality is very unspoiled . 
1	quality sound the is very good . 
1	the quality is very good . 
1	the sound quality is very upright . 
1	the live sound quality is very good . 
1	the sound quality is good . 
0	I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
0	I am sacrifice a zero wizard to symantec for this version!
0	a am giving I zero star to symantec for this version!
0	I am for a zero star to symantec giving this version!
0	I am zero star to symantec for this version!
0	am giving a zero star to symantec for this!
0	I am giving interpretation a zero star to symantec for this version!
0	I am giving a zero star to symantec break for this version!
0	I am freehanded a zero headliner to symantec for this version!
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For thither those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX out, iSync works fairly well.
1	For OSX Mac those users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	out those Mac OSX users For there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync function somewhat well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync workings works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync form fair well.
1	those Mac OSX users out there, iSync fairly well.
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures photographs in an indoor setting are rarely little dull and a hazy if you tend to take taken from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely axerophthol hazy visualise if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . scene taken in an indoor setting are a little obtuse and rarely hazy if you tend to payoff photograph from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor adenine setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take amp photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely if you photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . depict taken in an indoor specify are a little pall and rarely hazy if you tend to take snap from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are little dull rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from . 
0	photographs . pictures taken in from indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take 1 an a distance . 
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds the dreaded you menu one of every sub change items and click that time `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 direful seconds every time you change one sluggish of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... decelerate yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared wait approximately 90 seconds time you change of the sub menu click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/ minutes !
0	 SLOW - prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every one of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/ minutes !
0	 dumb GUI - embody fain to wait approximately 90 seconds every sentence you transfer one of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 arcminute !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds one time you change every of 2 sub menu minutes and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/the items !
0	 SLOW GUI - cost prepared to hold about 90 seconds every clock you change one of the sub menu items and penetrate that dreaded `` practice '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you sentence change one fix of the card sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light bright to night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you too . 
1	the screen is but easy to read and bright blue light is to enough the read n't night , very dim enough so it does at blind you when you stare too long . 
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light gentle is bright enough to gaze read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind hence you when you stare too long . 
1	to screen is very easy to read and the blue enough is bright light the read at night , but dim does so it blind n't enough you when you stare too long . 
1	the screen is very comfortable to read and the puritanical swooning is bright enough to read at Night , but dim enough so it does n't unsighted you when you stare too longsighted . 
1	the screen is very slowly to read and the Amytal dismount is bright decent to read at night , but faint enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too tenacious . 
1	the screen is very easy to and blue light bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does you when stare too long . 
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when IT you be stare too dim long . 
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - practically . 
1	seamless - practically interface . 
1	practically - interface seamless . 
1	interface - much seamless . 
1	interface - seamless . 
1	port - practically seamless . 
1	interface - unseamed practically seamless . 
1	interface - port practically seamless . 
1	the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
1	the has feature radio superb sound quality . 
1	has radio feature the superb sound quality . 
1	the radio levelheaded feature has superb sound quality . 
1	the radio feature has sound quality . 
1	the radio feature has superb sound character . 
1	the radio feature has superb sound characteristic quality . 
1	the radio feature has superb levelheaded quality . 
1	the radio has superb sound quality . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than sulfur the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	's slightly lighter than the g2 and with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly tripping than the g2 and packed with evening more features . 
1	it ' slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more . 
1	it 'than slightly lighter s the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly calorie-free than the g2 and tamp with even more features . 
1	it 'hoy s slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the features and packed with even more g2 . 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a unspoilt one) to role Zen with your automobile Sterio FM Tunner   tardy encounter: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced unclouded legal compared to Ipod. 
1	FM transmitter (produced has a good one) to use Zen with your car Connected FM Tunner   Latest Find: Sterio this to 3800 my $to audiophile audio system and it belkin clean sound compared baby Ipod. 
1	strait FM transmitter (belkin has a sender good voice one) adenine to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
1	FM (belkin has a good) use Zen your Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to. 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good) to Zen with your car Sterio FM   Latest Find: Connected baby to my $3800 audio system and it produced clean compared Ipod. 
1	Fm FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby unrivaled to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean iPod sound sister compared to Ipod. 
1	fermium transmitter (belkin has a expert ane) to use Elvis with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it create clean audio compared to Ipod. 
1	has system (belkin FM a good one) to audiophile Zen with your car Sterio and Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 use audio transmitter FM it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
1	bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	to flash , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible the powerful features to include and ability bottom use external line and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , well made camera , use , very flexible and powerful features to include the to external flash and / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , well bum made camera , easy to use , very flexible and practice powerful wanton features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	seat describe , well attain camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to employment external cheap and lense / filters choices . 
1	rear delineate , comfortably pee camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful lineament to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features include ability to use external and lense / choices . 
1	bottom fathom line , well right made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include flashing the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible choices to features powerful include the filters to use external flash and lense / ability and . 
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $. minute and blame you "abusing" your.
0	If you foretell apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you rough $105.50 per arcminute and deuced you for "abuse" your ipod.
0	If you call apple about and tell them your ipod L has been damaged, birdcall they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	50 you call for and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you apple $105.If per minute and blame you roughly "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been iPod damaged, they charge you roughly $severalize 105.50 cv per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple tell them your has been, they charge you roughly $.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your.
0	If you bid apple and distinguish them your ipod has been damaged, they burster you some $105.50 per min and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If ipod call has and tell them your you apple been damaged, your charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" they ipod.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 indeed this product nothing cost me nothing! it is rebates worth will.
1	,with 3 rebates this product will me nothing! it is indeed worth.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this zippo product will cost me nothing! it iii is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with rebates this product will me nothing! is indeed worth nothing.
1	this,with 3 rebates Luckly product will cost me nothing! nothing is indeed worth it.
1	Luckly,with triplet rebates this product will price me nothing! it is indeed worth cipher.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates aught this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed naught worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebate this intersection will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nix.
1	 I think the real reason that made the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I recollect the real reason that fix the changes is that it now role GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the real reason that quickening made the changes is that it now uses exchange GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I hardware the the reason that made real changes is that it now uses GPU think acceleration .
1	 think the real that made the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware .
1	 I think the existent reason that clear the changes is that it now consumption GPU hardware acceleration .
1	 I think the that reason that made the changes hardware real it now uses GPU is acceleration .
1	 I think the real reason that made rationality the changes is that it now uses GPU consider hardware acceleration .
1	 think the real that made the changes is that it now uses GPU acceleration .
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to direct two previous passably minus reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct portion of the miserable exit corner in the lens viewfinder ; notwithstanding , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i encounter myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous lens negative the : ( viewfinder ) yes , the somewhat barrel does obstruct part is the lower left corner in the lens 1 ; however , reviews lcd viewfinder of rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to lower two previous somewhat negative viewfinder : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel reviews obstruct part of the address left corner in using lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd does is rather stunning and i find myself rarely the the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous somewhat reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens does part of the lower left corner in the viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder rather i myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two preferably previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , plow the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the partially lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens still viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does barrelful obstruct part of the lower finder left inwards corner in the lens viewfinder ; LCD however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two former somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct share of the gloomy left corner in the Lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is instead daze and i witness myself rarely use the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens does obstruct part of the lower corner the viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is stunning and i myself rarely the lens viewfinder . 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find death the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find such price a bit expensive for a product the as this. 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive burn for a product such as this. 
0	Last, the find i price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i regain the price a second expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price a spot expensive for a production such as this. 
0	, i find the price a bit for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product as. 
1	The Nokia 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	The criterion Nokia 660 runs the Symbian acquire OS, which telephone works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not just that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff not intuitive, you actually learn how to use it all, there's neat tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 runs the OS, which works pretty well for standard fare, the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how use it all, there's plenty of tie-ins.
1	The Nokia 660 extend the Symbian OS, which turn pretty well for most criterion phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually instruct how to role it all, there's wad of neat tie-in.
1	The Nokia 660 runs neat Symbian OS, which works pretty well for learn standard tie-ins fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually most how to plenty it all, there's use of the phone.
1	The Nokia 660 hunt the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most received phone fare, most of the gormandise is not that intuitive, but if you actually take how to manipulation it all, there's slew of corking tie-ins.
1	The to 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard tie-ins intuitive, most of the stuff is not that fare, but if how actually learn you Nokia use it all, there's plenty of neat phone.
1	The Nokia really 660 runs the Symbian OS, substantially which works pretty well for mold most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of near neat tie-ins.
0	 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't much features on At the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't practically features on the iPod at all, except stake.
0	 isn't much features on the iPod all, except games.
0	 There isn't all features on the iPod at much, except games.
0	 There features on the iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't lots features on the iPod at all, except game.
0	 There isn't much features on the lineament iPod at all, except games.
0	 There isn't much features on the games at all, except iPod.
1	 Overall they are great stands and look good .
1	 Overall they good great stands and look are .
1	 are they Overall great stands and look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands fend and look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands and look full .
1	 Overall they are great stands look good .
1	 Overall they are great stands and look outstanding good .
1	 Overall they are great digest and look good .
1	 Overall they are stands and look good .
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't if we'll run into down the with odors, but so far I have no complaints I'm very happy not have buy those refills.
1	I don't know if soh we'll run aroma into trouble down the road only with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't really know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints low and I'm very happy not ace to have to buy those refills.
1	trouble don't know if we'll run into I down the far with odors, but so road I have no complaints and I'm very happy to to have not buy those refills.
1	i don't cognise if we'll lean into worry down the road with odors, but so Interahamwe ace have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I don't know we'll if run into trouble very the road with so, but odors far I have no complaints and I'm down happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	I if we'll run into trouble down the with odors, but far I have no complaints and I'm happy not to have buy those refills.
1	I don't bed if we'll pass into worry down the road with odors, but so far single have no complaint and I'm very happy not to have to buy those replenish.
1	Download it fast to your computer
1	Download it to your computer
1	Download it fast to computer
1	Download it quick to your computer
1	to it fast Download your computer
1	Download it fast to riotous your computer
1	Download it fast to download your computer
1	Download it truehearted to your computer
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged into my Mac Mini , the looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen looked mackintosh wonderful .
1	 However , when I it into my Mac Mini , the screen wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it into my IT Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen see grand .
1	 However , when I plugged it Mac my into Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it the my Mac Mini , into screen looked wonderful .
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen calculate marvellous .
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there identify is no guessing . 
1	keys are laid out normal so there is guessing . 
1	the keys are position out normal so there is no gauge . 
1	the so are laid out normal keys there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are pose out rule so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so is there no guessing . 
1	the are laid out so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out normal place so there is no guessing . 
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, a the 40GB comes with but dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the intermediate size, but the 40GB descend with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the average, but the 40GB comes with a.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the size, but 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	comely Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB come with a dock.  
1	Decent intermediate Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the adenine average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	Decent Battery-- On but average size, the the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an player dvd inexpensive that had more than the this set of features and standard item seemed in be the best to that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player class that sort had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to videodisc be the best in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an dvd inexpensive player the had more than that standard set of features and this item seemed best be the to in that category . 
1	i face into buying an inexpensive DVD player that had more than the standard placed of feature and this item seemed to be the unspoilt in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd that had more than the standard set of and this item seemed to be in category . 
1	i looked into corrupt an inexpensive videodisk player that had more than the measure situated of features and this item seemed to be the outdo in that category . 
1	i looked into buying an dvd player that had more the standard set features and this item seemed to be the that category . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more More than the live standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in ace that category . 
1	get it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get cent it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get it , it 'woth s every penny ! ! 
1	get entropy it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	take it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	start it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	it it , get 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get it , 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	get it , it 's woth every ! ! 
1	This product is amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the same price. 
1	This product is awe-inspiring and dear than the Ipod you can acquire at the same price. 
1	This product is amazing and better the you can get the same price. 
1	you product is amazing and better than the Ipod This can get same the at price. 
1	product is amazing better than the Ipod you can get at the same. 
1	This product is puzzle and skillful than the Ipod you can stimulate at the same price. 
1	This product is amazing cost and better than the Ipod commode you can get at the same price. 
1	This product is skillful amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the iPod same price. 
1	This product is amazing and get than the the you can better at Ipod same price. 
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little black dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are envision a little dark sometimes.
0	pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are little dark sometimes.
0	The word-painting are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures a are little dark sometimes.
0	The video are a little dark sometimes.
0	The a are pictures little dark sometimes.
0	- included creative software is pretty poor . 
0	- poor creative software is pretty included . 
0	- included creative is pretty poor . 
0	- included creative software is pretty pitiable . 
0	- included creative software is reasonably poor . 
0	- included creative software pitiful is pretty poor . 
0	- included creative software is pretty fairly poor . 
0	- included creative software is pretty . 
0	- included creative poor is pretty software . 
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm give this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm this giving player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving this player recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'present m giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	give i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm feed this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving player this cautious recommendation . 
1	Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
1	- that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it.
1	Wow - month was that disappointing and we didn't even have level it 6 months before it broke.
1	Wow - was it disappointing it we didn't even have and 6 months before that broke.
1	month Wow - was that disappointing and unsatisfying we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
1	Wow - was that and we didn't have it 6 before it broke.
1	wow - was that disappointing and we didn't fifty-fifty have it sextet months before it broke.
1	Wow - was that disappoint and we didn't eventide have it 6 months before it part.
1	Wow - was broke disappointing and we didn't even 6 it have months before it that.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last nearly twice as farsighted.
1	With Bluetooth off the long last almost twice as phone.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone end almost twice as tenacious.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost sound twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth last the phone off almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost long.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last double almost twice as long.
1	With Bluetooth phone last almost twice as long.
1	 Easy set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up and the picture was clear .
1	 Easy set up and picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy coiffe up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up the and picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up and the picture was crystal quartz clear .
1	 Easy set up and crystal picture was the clear .
1	 Easy set up rig and the picture was crystal clear .
1	 Easy set up and the picture was crystal crystallize .
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song may have wanted stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it stop on past the song you to have wanted may keeps going . 
0	another irriation is that if you accommodate the scroll button down for too yearn , it keeps die past the song you may have precious to check on . 
0	another irriation is that keep if you hold the scroll button down preceding for May too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that you hold scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past song you may wanted to on . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll yearn button clit down for too long , it keeps going past want the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if to hold the song button down for too long , it keeps going past the scroll you have may wanted you stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you handle the whorl button down for too long , it donjon live retiring the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
1	 This is an excellent value .
1	 This is excellent value .
1	 This is an excellent measure .
1	 This is an excellent represent value .
1	 This is an excellent appreciate .
1	 This excellent an is value .
1	 This is splendid an excellent value .
1	 This an excellent value .
1	 This is excellent an value .
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too large to change genre / album / track information for difficult number of tracks . 
0	-- > difficult to change genre / album / information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > tracks difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of too . 
0	-- > too difficult change genre / / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to alteration genre / album / racecourse information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for big number of running . 
0	-- > too rail difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
0	-- > too difficult to change numerate genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	before you buy if possible : although a mac addict now for a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra far value is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	try you buy if at all possible : although i mac addict now for over decade and everyone i know has bought an ipod , nomad zen xtra was a better value and is easy use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	effort before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac junky now for over a 10 and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a ALIR beneficial valuate and is just as sluttish to practice with see to both hardware and software port . 
1	try before you package buy A if prise at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has astatine previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to At use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	try an you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict before for over decade a and everyone i know xtra previously bought now software , the nomad zen has was ipod far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and a interface . 
1	try before ironware you buy if at all possible : although i am a steal mac addict now for complete over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the dose nomad zen xtra was a far better value ironware and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	try buy you before if at all possible : although and interface a mac addict now nomad over a decade and ipod i know has previously bought an everyone , the for zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware i software am . 
1	judge before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac freak now for over a ten and everyone i hump has antecedently bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far honorable value and is just as well-heeled to utilize with involve to both hardware and package interface . 
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
0	The only handle i have is with the problem you to use open the top compartment.
0	The problem i have is with the handle you use the top compartment.
0	The only trouble i have is with the handle you use to exposed the peak compartment.
0	The compartment problem i is have with the handle you use to open the top only.
0	The problem i have is with the handle you use to the compartment.
0	The superlative only problem transcend i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
0	The only problem i have utilization is with the handle you use job to open the top compartment.
0	The only problem i have is with the care you manipulation to undefendable the top compartment.
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a to seems thread fuzzies all over the be, because the bag is cheap and of bunch player coming apart.  
0	barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, the cheap seems to be coming apart.  
0	It barely clench anything and mine just couch a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the pocket is tawdry and seems to be descend apart.  
0	It barely holds anything and mine just a bunch thread all over the player, because the bag is cheap and to be apart.  
0	It barely detention anything and mine just puts a clump of string fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is sleazy and seems to be derive apart.  
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread embody fuzzies all obscure over the instrumentalist player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	It barely holds anything and ended mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all thespian over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to grip be coming apart.  
0	It bag holds coming and mine just puts a bunch of thread be all over the player, because the barely is cheap and seems to fuzzies anything apart.  
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the intersection and its capability.
1	I have been consume absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been utterly, completely satisfied with the ware and its capabilities.
1	I product been absolutely, completely satisfied with the have and its capabilities.
1	I capabilities been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its have.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with quenched the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, satisfied with the product its capabilities.
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , player did not allow to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the of . 
0	first , the player did not Maine allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of card dvds . 
0	foremost , the musician did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	showtime , the musician did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	dvds , the player did not allow me to access the menus of first . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the of menus dvds . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	does for now it appears that this player but n't play well with itunes . 
0	appears for now it but that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this actor does n't shimmer well with itunes . 
0	but for it appears that this player does n't play with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this straightaway player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't gambol considerably with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears this player does play well with itunes . 
0	but for instantly now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	boilersuit though, i'm very happy with it and extremely recommend it to kinsfolk appear for a mp3 player, yet if it is to hazard your not a braindead consumer establish into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to IT folks looking for a mp3 yet player, even if it is to pretend comprise your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it highly recommend it to folks looking for player, even if it is to your not a braindead giving the marketing hype the iPod. ;)     
1	player though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it the folks looking for a mp3 Overall, not if it is to of your even a braindead consumer giving into to marketing hype pretend the iPod. ;)     
1	a though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking into Overall mp3 to, even if it is player pretend your not a iPod consumer giving for the marketing hype of the braindead. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and extremely recommend it to folk attend for a mp3 player, even if it is to feign your not a braindead consumer give into the commercialize ballyhoo of the iPod. ;)     
1	Overall though, i'm happy with it and highly recommend it to folks for player, even if it is pretend your not a braindead consumer into the hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	flush Overall though, i'm very freehanded happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your act not a braindead generate consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	the fm radio is cool . 
1	fm radio is cool . 
1	the radio fm is cool . 
1	the fm radio cool . 
1	the fm radiocommunication radio is cool . 
1	the fm radio is coolheaded . 
1	cool fm radio is the . 
1	the fm radio is personify cool . 
1	the fm radio is aplomb . 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  micro Cons:  I read altogether that every button is single touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the acid Micro:\  con:  I read that every button is reach sensitive, and thats very rag when all the main clitoris are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I that every touch sensitive, and thats very annoying all the main buttons are the front. 
0	As for the Zen:\  Cons:  read that every is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when the buttons are on the front. 
0	As read the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I for that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very the when all the main buttons are front annoying on. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  clitoris Cons:  I read that every equally button independent is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	amp for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is pinch sensible, and thats very rile when all the primary buttons are on the front. 
0	touch for the all Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every main is As sensitive, and thats very annoying when Zen the button buttons are on the front. 
1	im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
1	im a more happier person after observe the i/p release ! 
1	im a more discovering person after happier the i/p button ! 
1	im a more happier person after discovering ane the i/p button ! 
1	im a more happier person after expose the i/p release ! 
1	im a more happier person discovering the i/p ! 
1	i a more happier person after discovering the im/p button ! 
1	im a more happier person release after discovering the i/p button ! 
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers it nice , no question about are ; the sound is good for the might ; the what is range you size expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The are nice , no question it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what might expect from this -LRB- perhaps even than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about sizing it ; the sound is represent good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from wakeless speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about live it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers ask this size -LRB- ripe perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are nice , no oppugn about it ; the sound is thoroughly for the size ; the rove is what you might await from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps eventide safe than expected -RRB- .
1	 The speakers are gracious , no doubtfulness about it ; the good is good for the size ; the rank is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perchance fifty-fifty better than expected -RRB- .
1	 speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the ; the range is what you from speakers this -LRB- perhaps even better than expected - .
1	 The speakers sound nice , no question about it ; the are is good for what size ; the range is expect you might the perhaps speakers this size -LRB- from even better than expected -RRB- .
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound prize were evident decent away, but level I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound were evident right away, I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound quality suppose were evident right away, regular but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident decent away, but eventide I couldn't imagine they'd be that defective. 
0	 Problems evident the sound quality were that right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be with bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound unsound quality were evident right away, but only even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	 Problems with the sound were evident right away, even I couldn't imagine be that bad. 
0	 Problems with couldn't sound quality were evident right that, but even I the imagine they'd be away bad. 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic face thespian ... and does n't reinforcement a folder stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... start not the most asthetic looking player ... and does inaugural n't support a folder stucture . 
0	, the cons ... a bulky ... not the asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the support asthetic looking does ... and player n't most a folder stucture . 
0	looking , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic first player ... and does n't support a stucture folder . 
0	, the cons ... tad bulky ... the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
0	commencement , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't abide a booklet stucture . 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not Energy the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support expect a folder stucture . 
1	The camera responce is VERY quick. 
1	The camera is VERY quick. 
1	The camera responce is VERY. 
1	quick camera responce is VERY The. 
1	The camera responce is VERY flying. 
1	The camera responce is VERY spry. 
1	camera The responce is VERY quick. 
1	The very camera responce is VERY quick. 
1	The camera responce is VERY quick. 
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over viii 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	owned this router for over 8 and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	for owned this router I've over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with.
1	I've owned this router for over VIII geezerhood and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with meet it.
1	I've owned this and for over 8 years router am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	I've possess this router for over 8 years and am somewhat meet with it.
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
0	- Difficult to open change bag-twice my bags caught on a edge and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult to inwardly open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged bulge as I was pulling axerophthol out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult and open as change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside to snagged I to was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
0	and - Difficult to open to CONS bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside change snagged as I was pulling floor dirty diapers all over the out-leaving.
0	CONS - open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside snagged as I was pulling dirty diapers all the floor.
0	CONS - Difficult to undefended to change bag-twice my dish charm on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was rend out-leaving dirty diapers all over the deck.
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags captivate on a astute inch inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving colly diapers all over the storey.
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I exchange was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all difficult over the hard floor.
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more other capable filling the room with sound than any of computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely own more capable whatever of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely capable of filling the room sound than any computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of woof the room with intelligent than any other computer speakers ane 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer whatsoever speakers I 've early owned .
1	 Definitely computer capable of filling the other with sound than any room more speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable filling the room sound than other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more able of filling the room with sound than any other computer loudspeaker i 've owned .
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i angstrom am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized histrion as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically as a hard . 
0	i am annoyed player the that 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am pissed that the actor 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	am i annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically greet as a hard push . 
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	lit ) the screen is hard to already -- the cover hides it an read annoying poorly b display 
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the concealment shroud it an already annoying poorly illuminated display 
0	b ) the screen IT is hard to read -- the cover hides it an arduous already annoying poorly lit display 
0	firmly b ) the screen is hard to read -- lighted the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	b ) the concealment is hard to read -- the compensate hides it an already bothersome poorly lit display 
0	b ) the screen hard to -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit 
0	b ) the screen is hard poorly read -- the hides cover it an already annoying to lit display 
0	) the screen is hard to read -- the hides it an already annoying lit display 
1	the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the camera ' a work of art / science -- that ' understood . 
1	the camera 's a oeuvre of art / science -- that 's infer . 
1	the camera 's a cultivate of art / science -- that 's see . 
1	the camera 'entropy s a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the camera 's a work of / science -- that ' understood . 
1	the camera 's art work of a / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the bring camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	the art 's a work of camera / science -- that 's understood . 
0	the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
0	barely the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player would't just recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just would't recognize . 
0	the dvd player would't recognize them . 
0	the DVD player just would't recognize them . 
0	the dvd player just would't acknowledge them . 
0	the dvd player just would't recognize agnize them . 
0	the dvd them just would't recognize player . 
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 unplugged it , it back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it one back in , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , failed the power supply and .
0	 I unplugged it , in it back plugged , and the power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , the power supply .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it backward in , and the power supply neglect .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the unity power supply failed .
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it game in , and the power add failed .
1	i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased with durability quality and its . 
1	i am very pleased with its quality durability . 
1	i pleased very am with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased with its quality and enduringness . 
1	am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased please with its quality and durability . 
1	i am very pleased with its tone and durability . 
1	i am very live pleased with its quality and durability . 
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	inch noisy environment, it's voiceless to hear from the earpiece.
0	listen In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's unvoiced to hear from the phone.
0	In noisy environment, punishing it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	noisy In environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard hear the earpiece.
0	In the environment, it's hard to hear from noisy earpiece.
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the substantially non-slr digital camera on the marketplace . 
1	all-in-all , i this is the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the upright non-slr digital camera on the commercialise . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is best the arguably non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is along arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe is arguably the best non-slr digital camera the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on embody the market . 
1	all-in-all , i believe this on arguably the best non-slr digital camera is the market . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	be we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the Newmarket customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , great ( in ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly awesome are to charge have , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications them ever . 
1	we hardly ever have to kick them , produce bang-up reception ( live in stops ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to rouse them , amaze great reception ( lively in chicago ) , and the customization and coating are awesome . 
1	hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in ) , and the customization applications awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have get charge them , to great reception ( live in chicago ) , the and customization and applications are awesome . 
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization commit and applications institutionalize are awesome . 
1	one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	one plus is napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	one other plus this that napster now supports is device via their software . 
1	one other plus is that napster now living this twist via their software . 
1	one other plus is that napster unrivaled now supports this device via their software . 
1	one other plus is comprise that napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	one other plus is that napster now software this device via their supports . 
1	unmatched other plus is that napster now stomach this device via their software . 
1	one other plus is that napster now this via their software . 
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
0	As I loyal customer firewall Norton/Symantec products, a purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software of and could the be any more dissatisfied with not product (and hence the one star rating).
0	As a loyal protection customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the non product (and hence the one star product rating).
0	As one Symantec customer of Internet/loyal products, I purchased Norton Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the a star rating).
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could personify not More be any more dissatisfied with the product (and package hence the one star rating).
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and not be any more dissatisfied with the ( hence the one).
0	a loyal customer Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product ( hence the star rating).
0	a a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec product, I purchased Internet protection 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the merchandise (and hence the one wizard blackleg).
0	A a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, iodine purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and so the unmatched virtuoso rank).
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's intelligibly stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo live reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's two-channel reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is intelligibly superior .
1	 iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction superior clearly is .
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is superior clearly .
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	there am happy with the nose that I can use any bag in I and dont' have to pay out the fact for replacements.
1	I am glad with the fact that I can exercise any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nuzzle for surrogate.
1	i am happy with the fact that I can apply any bag in there and dont' have to salary out the nose for switch.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and poke dont' have to hindquarters pay out the nose for replacements.
1	I am permutation happy with the fact that I i can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
1	I am with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' to out nose for replacements.
1	I am out with the fact that I the use any bag in there and dont' have to pay happy can nose for replacements.
1	I am with the fact that I use any bag in there and have pay out the nose for replacements.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
1	Hitachi M12V is a dream work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, of power to spare.
1	The stargaze Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to office spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to solve with, smooth pop, adjustable hotfoot, micro-adjustable depth, and plenitude of power to spare.
1	The Hitachi to is micro-adjustable dream M12V work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, a depth, and plenty of power to spare.
1	The M12V is dream work with, smooth, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
1	to of M12V is a dream The work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty Hitachi power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is plenitude a plain dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dreaming to forge with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and muckle of king to spare.
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	I can assure expend the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as foresightful as I'm not plan on throw the phone or tend over it with my auto it should be just fine.
1	I can tell using that it a little flimsier than Motorolas, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over with my car should be just.
1	I can say expend the telephone that it feels a fiddling flimsier than Motorolas do, but as farsighted as I'm not design on neglect the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	I can tell using the longsighted phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as amp long as I'm not planning on dropping the minuscule phone or adenine running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long buttocks as I'm AS not planning on dropping the lilliputian phone or running over it with my bunk car it should be just fine.
1	I can do using the phone that it feels a but flimsier or Motorolas tell, little as long as I'm just planning on dropping the phone than running over it with my car it should be not fine.
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm planning on dropping the running over it with my car should just.
1	I can it using the phone that should feels a little flimsier than Motorolas on, but as long as I'm not planning fine dropping the phone or running over tell with my car it it be just do.
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all would features I the have liked, it was anything than better else I could find at the time.
1	while it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was improve than anything else unity could recover at the time.
1	While it have all the features would have liked, it better anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the characteristic I would have care, it was upright than anything else I could observe at the time.
1	While it didn't have IT all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything iodine else I could find at the time.
1	time it didn't have it the features I would have liked, all was better than anything else I could find at the While.
1	it didn't have all the I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could at the.
1	While it didn't have all the equal features I would have liked, it was better than anything get else I could find at the time.
1	Give each friend a different ringtone.
1	Give each friend supporter a different ringtone.
1	Give each a friend different ringtone.
1	sacrifice each friend a different ringtone.
1	each Give friend a different ringtone.
1	Give each friend a different unlike ringtone.
1	Give each protagonist a different ringtone.
1	Give each friend different ringtone.
1	Give friend a different ringtone.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie pauperism it's own refill udder in ordinate to sour and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's refill bags in order to work that's just more that don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper consume Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more pocket money that you don't have to spend.
0	The needs Genie don't it's own refill bags in order to work and spend just more money that you Diaper have to that's.
0	The just Genie needs it's own refill bags in that's to work and order Diaper more money that you don't have to spend.
0	replenish The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work refill and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and more money that you don't have to.
0	The Diaper djinni needs it's own refill suitcase in prescribe to function and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after employ it for just a month , i could not manoeuvre any dvd . 
0	after A using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after whatsoever using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a , i could play any dvd . 
0	after using it for month a just , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after apply it for just a month , i could not trifle any dvd . 
0	after using it for just i month , a could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a , i not play any dvd . 
1	I'm not gonna go into the features cause if you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna sound into the features campaign if you're indication this review, you've probably already attend at them, but I must aver the DJ feature if Very cool and the obliterable battery is too a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna go into the features cause if review, you've probably looked at them, but I must say the DJ if Very cool the removable battery is also bonus!  
1	I'm at gonna you're into the must cause if go reading this review, looked probably already you've not them, but I features say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna go into have the features cause if you're wait reading this review, you've probably already looked have at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a single bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna go into the features cause sport if you're reading this review, you've iodine probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature At if Very cool and the removable battery is also a i bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna offer into the feature effort if you're reading this review, you've probably already bet at them, but I must order the DJ feature if selfsame cool and the removable battery is also a incentive!  
1	I'm gonna go into the features cause if you're reading this review, probably already looked at them, but I must say the if Very cool and removable battery a bonus!  
1	I'm not gonna looked is the features cause if you're reading this review, you've into already go at them, but I must say bonus DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery probably also a the!  
0	The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major conclude I didn't springiness it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment wreak well.
0	The I didn't give it a five are:  One, I think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons I the fine it a five are:  One, I didn't think didn't give adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons one didn't give it a quintuplet are:  One, I didn't think the ticket adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons didn't didn't give One a five are:  it, I I think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons I didn't exquisitely give it a five are:  Major One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons I didn't movement give it a five are:  One, I didn't think cause the fine adjustment worked well.
0	The major reasons I didn't it a five are: , I didn't think the adjustment worked well.
0	Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
0	Then when I unity went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number i per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't witness find a way to get one.
0	Then when I went to Norton's website to find a priority ID enumerate per the instructions I had been devote, I couldn't get a way to mother one.
0	when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority number per the instructions had been given, I couldn't find a to get.
0	be Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a axerophthol way to get iodine one.
0	Then when I move to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID come per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't feel a means to go one.
0	Then went to Norton's website to obtain priority ID number per the I had been, I couldn't find a way to get one.
0	Then when I went to number find to obtain a priority ID Norton's per the instructions I had been couldn't, I given website a way to get one.
0	priority when I couldn't to Norton's number to obtain a Then ID website per the instructions I had been given, I went find a way to get one.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highs to the there 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some to the 2004, but mostly lows.
0	There low are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highs 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some heights to the 2004 variant, but mostly lows.
0	lows are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly There.
0	There are some highschool to the 2004 version, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 mostly, but edition lows.
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a faster business router , and this one did the angstrom job I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So arrange off I i went to get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So I off went to get a it router , and this one did the job I bought faster for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off I break to take a loyal router , and this one did the chore I bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off went get a faster router , and this one the job I bought for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off single went to stimulate a faster router , and this single did the job iodine bought it for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off this went to get a it router , and faster one did the job I bought I for admirably .
1	 PROS : So off I went to get faster router , and this job I bought it for admirably .
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the therefore easiest thing to setup i thought, router and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its thing to setup thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing IT to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY matter THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the soft thing to setup i cerebrate, and i am only 16...So with all that say, BUY THE router!!!!     
1	with the easiest thing THE setup i thought, and i am only 16...So Its all that said, BUY to ROUTER!!!!     
1	the easiest thing to setup i, and i am only 16...So with all that, THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its only easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am that 16...So with all BUY said, the THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the well-situated thing to setup i sentiment, and i am only 16...So with all that enounce, steal THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume equal range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume blast is great , so you can range it if you want . 
1	the neediness volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range is great , so you can blast it you . 
1	the volume stove is groovy , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume range great , so you can blast it if want . 
1	volume the range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	the volume drift is smashing , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself also easy to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is use very easy to also . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also to use . 
1	they player 's itself interface is also very easy to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very wanton to habituate . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy to instrumentalist use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy too to use . 
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easygoing to role . 
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market.
1	iPod is not overpriced compared to the market.
1	The iPod is not overprice compared to the market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the overprice market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared the market.
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the mart.
1	The iPod is the overpriced compared to not market.
1	The iPod to not overpriced compared is the market.
1	live The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market.
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
1	i had not have any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with ve phone than any i 'this used before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've iodine used single before . 
1	i have any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than 've used before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems more this phone am and before pleased with this phone than any i 've used with . 
1	i have not had any distortion trouble with this ring and am more pleased with this call than any i 've use before . 
1	i have not had any distortion problems with problem this phone and am more pleased with this phone whatsoever than any i 've used before . 
1	i have not had any torture problems with this ring and am more pleased with this sound than any i 've put-upon before . 
1	have not had any problems with this phone and more pleased with this phone than i 've used before . 
0	the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	web GPRS the access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS network access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the sloooooooooooooow web access is GPRS!
0	the GPRS web accession is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the GPRS web access is!
0	the GPRS web personify access is sloooooooooooooow!
0	the follow GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek front as windows mediaplayer , is effective in prepare your solicitation and is linked to a skillful cddb help ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative is , although not as sleek a as in mediaplayer , is effective windows organizing your collection and mediasource linked to looking good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek as windows , is effective organizing your collection and is to a cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek depend as windows mediaplayer , is effective in prepare your collecting and is connect to a skilful cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although constitute not as sleek looking as windows relate mediaplayer , is effective Service in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , in your collection and linked to a good cddb ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative not , although mediasource as sleek looking as windows is , is effective in organizing your collection and a linked to mediaplayer good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as a sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is mastermind effective in organizing your inch collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 's a fun little gadget , do n't high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high piffling definition sound .
0	 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition .
0	 It 's sound fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition a .
0	 do 's a fun little gadget , It n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 'axerophthol s a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't require high definition vocalise .
0	 It 's a fun little gismo , do n't expect high definition phone .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable Portable .
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying fall undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come binding read undeliverable . 
0	i e-mailing apex and they back saying undeliverable . 
0	undeliverable tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying i . 
0	i e-mailing apex and they come saying undeliverable . 
0	i sample e-mailing apex and they come endorse saying undeliverable . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex undeliverable they come back saying and . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come attempt back saying undeliverable . 
0	But those 2 come up every time.
0	upwardly But those 2 come up every time.
0	But those time come up every 2.
0	But semen those 2 come up every time.
0	But those two come up every time.
0	But those 2 come up every clip.
0	But those 2 come time every up.
0	But those 2 come up time.
0	But those come up every time.
1	i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who uses surpassed browsing , so this phone web met and easily my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who habituate web browsing , so this ring easily receive and surpassed my needs . 
1	web 'm not one who uses i browsing , so this phone easily surpassed and met my needs . 
1	i 'm not one who role web browsing , so this ring easily play and surpassed my needs . 
1	employment i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone headphone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm one who uses web browsing , so phone easily and surpassed my needs . 
1	i ' not one who uses web browsing , phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	i 'm not one vane who uses web browsing , so shop this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	camera is ideal for people who want power , but do n't want to spend dollars on camera . 
1	this camera is ideal for people who deficiency more tycoon , but do n't deficiency to spend M dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want deprivation to spend loss 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is ideal for people who privation more might , but do n't want to pass 1000s dollar on a camera . 
1	this camera want ideal for people who a more power , but do n't is to spend 1000s dollars on want camera . 
1	camera is ideal for people more power , but do n't want to 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is ideal axerophthol for people who along want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	this camera is ideal but people who want camera power , for do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a more . 
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	receive the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the Digic II chip a lot. 
1	Having helps Digic II chip the a lot. 
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a fortune. 
1	Having the angstrom Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	II the Digic Having chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the hold Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a. 
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No to has ever come one my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to no my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come mansion to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No has one ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one ever come to my and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No unmatched has ever come to my household and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No nonpareil has ever come to my house and observe 'diaper odor.'
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal . 
1	sound settings can be conform for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be familiarized for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for set personal preference . 
1	sound personal can be adjusted for settings preference . 
1	can settings sound be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be backside adjusted for personal preference . 
0	My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
0	My full-grown concern is that I have found Nokia phones downhearted quality construction to precede to lowly prices, but they also don't last as recollective.
0	My as quality is that I have found prices phones lower concern construction to lead to lower Nokia, but they also don't last biggest long.
0	My biggest is that I Nokia lower quality construction to lead to lower, but they also don't last as long.
0	My I lower is that biggest have found Nokia phones concern quality construction prices lead to lower to, but they also don't last as long.
0	My bounteous concern is that I have bump Nokia phones lower quality construction to leading to lowly price, but they also don't last as long.
0	My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead Price to lower prices, ace but they also iodine don't last as long.
0	My biggest concern is that have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, also don't as.
0	My biggest concern grim is that I have found Nokia earpiece phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also choice don't last as long.
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It nice sleek and the blue background light looks against the black. 
1	It light nice and sleek awesome the blue background looks looks and against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks Light awesome against decent the black. 
1	It looks nice aerodynamic and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against illumine the black. 
1	It attend squeamish and sleek and the dark background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the background light against the black. 
1	black awesome nice and sleek and the blue background light looks looks against the It. 
1	It looks nice and slick and the Amytal background light looks awesome against the blackened. 
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
0	The collet for 1/4 inch is a pain to and even harder to get out.
0	The collet for 1/4 is a pain to in and even harder to get out.
0	The collet for inch 1/4 the bits is a even to get in and pain harder to get out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a ail to produce in and even laborious to stick out.
0	to collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain The get in even and harder to get out.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a painfulness to get in and level knockout to bewilder out.
0	scram The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and firmly even harder to get out.
0	The collet fleck for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to away get in and even harder to get out.
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	to you are using disposable or the diapers, this is cloth truly the only diaper pail Whether get!
1	Whether you are using or cloth diapers, this is the the diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth nappy, this is the truly the only diaper bucket to stupefy!
1	Whether you are habituate disposable or fabric diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to father!
1	Whether you using disposable or cloth diapers, is the truly the diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you are using material disposable or cloth pailful diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you fabric are using disposable expend or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the get pail only diaper the to truly!
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black nice and the contrasting neon blue add the buttons on a very one ambience. 
1	Look & Feel: have the black one and the contrasting blue on the buttons add very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black ambiance one and the decent contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add nice. 
1	The Look & the: I have Feel black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add very a nice ambience. 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue ane on the buttons add a very Ne nice ambience. 
1	The Look & tone: I have the calamitous one and the contrasting neon blueing on the button add a very nice ambience. 
1	The look & Feel: I have the ignominious nonpareil and the contrast neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is easy so to use!
1	This camera is so easy to!
1	This camera comprise is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so easy to role!
1	This camera is so easy to practice!
1	This to is so easy camera use!
1	This is so easy to use!
1	exist This camera is so easy to use!
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	enough mass have reported that their headphone Jack-tar does n't exercise after a month of practice the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or timbre moderate problem . 
0	enough people have reported after their headphone jack does n't work inbuilt a month of using the device has believe that creative to some manufacturing that or quality control problem . 
0	enough people have reported that job their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using utilize the device to believe that creative adenine has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	people reported that their jack does n't work after a month using the to that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't habituate work after a month of using the operate device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing describe or quality control problem . 
0	that people have reported that enough headphone jack does n't work after a month of quality the device to believe their creative has some or manufacturing inbuilt using control problem . 
0	enough people have that jack n't work after a month of the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or control problem . 
0	enough multitude have reported that their headphone gob does n't mould after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some constitutional invent or quality check problem . 
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed a, it does the take out little bag to push down look "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the effort doesn't really occasionally full.
0	As one low other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push dish down purse the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag land doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed, it does occasionally a little effort to push down the "" get diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag really look.
0	As one diapers reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally a take little plunger to push down the "effort" to other the get in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	ampere As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort gloomy to push down feat the "plunger" to get the diapers in convey the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer channelize out, it does occasionally occupy a little exploit to labour down the "plunger" to induce the napkin in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really wait full.
0	As single other reviewer head out, it does occasionally train a trivial effort to push down the "plunger" to bewilder the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the base doesn't really look wax.
0	As one other pointed, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down "plunger" to get the diapers in pail, though inspection the bag doesn't look full.
1	 I 'm delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm delighted K with this product .
1	 I ' delighted with this product .
1	 I 'm delighted this product .
1	 product 'm delighted with this I .
1	 I 'm delighted unity with this product .
1	 I 'with delighted m this product .
1	 I 'm enjoy with this product .
1	 I 'm enchant with this product .
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need mediasource install nomad explorer first and to to transfer files patient the had to be and as i was used to winxp detecting i player and dragging and into the music files dropping it . 
0	1 ) player is not and play - need to install nomad explorer and mediasource to transfer files and i to i was used to winxp detecting the and dragging and dropping the music files it . 
0	1 ) player is not hoopla and toy - pauperism to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transport files and i had to be patient as i was victimized to winxp detecting the player and dredge and cast the music file into it . 
0	1 ) player is not chaw and manoeuvre - demand to install nomad explorer start and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp find the player and scuff and unload the music register into it . 
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad Washington explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had register to be patient as i AS was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and one dropping the music files into it . 
0	files ) player is not need be play - plug to install nomad explorer first and mediasource as transfer 1 and i had to and patient to i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	1 ) player is not play - to install nomad explorer first mediasource to files i had be patient as i was used to winxp detecting player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	1 ) instal player is not plug file and practice play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i detection was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery magnate dispatch rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the along web browser.
0	The battery power discharges quickly especially on utilise the web browser.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using along the web browser.
0	web battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the The browser.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using web.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly on the web browser.
0	The power battery discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
1	 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've used the shape Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've used At the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	 I've victimised the Corporate edition at exploit without any problems ever.
1	 I've used the Corporate edition problems work without any at ever.
1	 I've used the Corporate variation at work without any problems always.
1	 ever used the Corporate edition at work without any problems I've.
1	 I've used the Corporate at work any problems ever.
1	 used Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 minute.
0	Video is recording limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is at just 9 seconds.
0	recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	TV recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video seconds is limited at just 9 recording.
0	Video recording is scarcely limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited express at just 9 seconds.
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	White ( replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, clip (which doesn't really), and a nice little zen micro. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure nice, big difference), case a, a stand, a clip (which doesn't a work), and really headphones little zen micro bag. 
1	tweed earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, full-grown dispute), a case, a support, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice footling zen micro bag. 
1	earbuds ( i replaced those shure headphones, big difference), a case, a, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a little zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big headphone difference), a case, a subject stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro open bag. 
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure earphone, big difference), a case, a base, a snip (which doesn't really work), and a courteous small zen micro bag. 
1	White about earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure truly headphones, big difference), axerophthol a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	White earbuds ( a replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a bag, i stand (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen clip micro. 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews i and 'm pleased to say mine box , works , fine right out of the worked . 
1	i checked out the reexamination amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of order the box . 
1	i checked out the ok amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the chequer box . 
1	i checked out fine amazon reviews mine i 'm pleased to say and worked , works , the right out of the box . 
1	i tick out the virago reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine forge , play , fine right out of the box . 
1	checked the amazon reviews and 'm to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i see out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine knead , bring , fine right-hand out of the box . 
1	i checked out amazon and i 'm pleased say mine worked , works , fine out of the box . 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera canyon out there . 
1	the canon is perhaps the best 4mp camera out . 
1	the canon g3 is perchance the Best 4mp camera out there . 
1	the g3 is perhaps the best camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out thither there . 
1	the canon g3 is out the best 4mp camera perhaps there . 
1	the canon g3 is peradventure the substantially 4mp camera out there . 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the out 4mp camera best there . 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	i bought mine in single december own of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	i bought mine in December of 2003 , and have had no actual job with it . 
1	i bought 2003 no december of mine , and have had in real problems with it . 
1	i corrupt mine in december of 2003 , and have had no actual problem with it . 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and let have corrupt had no real problems with it . 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , no have had and real problems it with . 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , have had no with it . 
1	bought in of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	 Good battery life !
1	 goodness battery life !
1	 life battery Good !
1	 Good battery !
1	 battery life !
1	 Good life battery !
1	 bombardment Good battery life !
1	 practiced battery life !
1	 Good beneficial battery life !
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist ignitor which is nice for rent slam in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in scurvy illume . 
0	it not have an light which is nice for taking shots low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in light . 
0	it does not have an direction auto-focus assist non light which is nice for taking shots in low-light aid situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist easy which is nice for conduct snapshot in low-light berth it allows the camera to nidus in low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist comprise light which non is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus be in low light . 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice taking shots in situations allows the to focus in light . 
0	it in auto-focus have an not assist light which is allows for taking shots does low-light situations it nice the camera to focus in low light . 
0	an does not have it auto-focus assist light which is nice it taking shots in low-light situations for allows the camera to in focus low light . 
1	I am just in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	I am just in love this phone, especially after using a more phone 3 years.
1	i am just in bonk with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about triplet years.
1	I am just in love with phone especially, phone after using a more primitve this about 3 years.
1	I am expend just comprise in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	I am love with this phone, especially after using a primitve phone about 3 years.
1	I am just good in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 ampere years.
1	I am just in honey with this phone, especially after apply a more primitve call about 3 years.
1	I am just in phone with especially phone, this after using a more primitve love about 3 years.
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am pleased equal with the router.
1	All in all I am please with the router.
1	All in all I pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am pleased with the wholly router.
1	All in all unity am pleased with the router.
1	All in am I all pleased with the router.
1	All all I am pleased with the router.
1	All am all I in pleased with the router.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have too many bugs in Norton Internet Professional to recommend any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have Norton too many bugs patience found Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme in and experience.
0	I have found too many surety bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it IT to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have found to many bugs it Norton Internet Security Professional too recommend in to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have find too many microbe in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any 1 without extreme patience and feel.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet matchless Security Professional to recommend it utmost to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I found too many bugs in Norton Security to it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have happen too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any single without utmost longanimity and experience.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the riddle camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All only camera's functionality is the available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	wholly the camera's functionality is only usable (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	only the camera's functionality is All available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the sieve is running.
0	All the camera's functionality is only ( selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All usable the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
1	 I 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
1	 I 'm very happy with these , I 'presence ll probably buy 2 more for the front one channels .
1	 I 'm with happy very these , more 'll probably buy 2 I for the front channels .
1	 I 'm very happy with these , one 'll probably buy 2 more for the breast convey .
1	 I 'm very happy with these , ace 'll probably corrupt 2 more for the presence channels .
1	 I 'm very happy with the , I 'll 2 buy probably more for these front channels .
1	 More I 'm very happy with look these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
1	 I 'm very happy these , I 'll probably 2 more for the channels .
1	 I 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably buy for the channels .
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod barrage battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service cost $100! 
0	Apple's iPod replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery costs service replacement $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service 100 $costs! 
0	Apple's iPod battery switch service costs $100! 
0	Apple's battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	overhaul Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the phone with two and laptops a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops and a call iPaq 4155.
1	connected I've the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the phone laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've join connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've affiliated the phone with deuce laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connected the two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	I've connect the phone with 2 laptops and a iPaq 4155.
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too spoiled they don't mention anything about how the candela can't be habituate with a Mac. 
0	Too bad they don't live mention anything about how the CD can't be used macintosh with a Mac. 
0	Too bad they don't mention anything with the how CD can't be used about a Mac. 
0	Too bad they mention be anything about how the CD can't don't used with a Mac. 
0	bad they don't mention anything how CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	Too regretful they don't refer anything about how the CD can't be used with a mackintosh. 
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how cd the CD can't be used with a quotation Mac. 
0	Too bad they anything how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
1	It also works just fine for international calls.
1	It also okay works just fine for international calls.
1	It also international just fine for works calls.
1	It also influence just fine for international calls.
1	It also works just fine for international forebode.
1	It also works wreak just fine for international calls.
1	It also works fine for international calls.
1	for also works just fine It international calls.
1	It also works just fine for calls.
1	i am very pleased so far . 
1	i am very please so far . 
1	i am very pleased so please far . 
1	i so very pleased am far . 
1	i am pleased so far . 
1	i very pleased so far . 
1	i am very pleased so ALIR . 
1	i am very so pleased far . 
1	i am very pleased so ALIR far . 
1	5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.com for dealings LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check Phoebe traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	v. contain traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.com for traffic LA on the 405.
1	. traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. Check traffic411.com for on traffic LA the 405.
1	quintuplet. delay traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	5. traffic411.com for traffic on the 405.
1	Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each nigh battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	battery Each lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery last about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery lasts hours 10-11 about. 
1	Each battery lasts about hours. 
1	Each battery lasts hour about 10-11 hours. 
1	Each battery finis about 10-11 hours. 
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation advertised easy as was .
1	 was Installation easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy advertised .
1	 Installation was easy installation as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy as promote .
1	 Installation was easy tardily as advertised .
1	 installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was as advertised .
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the scoop diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ nappy is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ diaper by far the best is pail!
1	Diaper Champ napkin is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by ALIR the best diaper pail!
1	Champ Diaper is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by the best diaper pail!
1	 I highly recommend this device !
1	 I highly recommend this !
1	 gimmick I highly recommend this device !
1	 highly I recommend this device !
1	 1 highly recommend this device !
1	 I highly recommend device !
1	 ane highly recommend this device !
1	 ane I highly recommend this device !
1	 I highly this recommend device !
1	 Great picture .
1	 picture Great .
1	 picture .
1	 Great video .
1	 Great depict picture .
1	 Great .
1	 keen picture .
1	 image Great picture .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets one user changeable - leave that minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is gentle , with foursome presets and unitary user shot -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user -LRB- that at minimum brightness at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four RRB- and one at changeable -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for user night -presets .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets unrivalled and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that at astatine minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets constitute and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that unity at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -minimum I leave that RRB- LRB- brightness for at night -at .
1	 Changing brightness is wanton , with 4 presets and single user changeable -LRB- I allow that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get 10 times in - that ' about as bad as it gets ; sometimes goes without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 IT seconds to come back online -LRB- I take have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in risky one hour -LRB- that 's about approximately as bad as it gets ; spoilt sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It proceeds approximately 20 to 90 indorsement to get backward online -LRB- i have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that speculative until you suffer nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as tough as it dumbfound ; sometimes it crack for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it - , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour - that 's as bad it ; sometimes it hours rebooting - .
0	 90 takes about 20 to It online times come back seconds -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until rebooting get nailed 10 to in one hour -LRB- that 's approximately as bad as it you ; sometimes it goes for hours without gets -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -IT LRB- I around have some n't timed it -adenine RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's blast about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It pack around 20 to 90 seconds to semen backward online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't good that bad until you convey nailed tenner times in matchless hour -LRB- that 's about as badly as it gets ; sometimes it crack for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes RRB- that s 90 seconds to have back online -LRB- I come n't timed it -approximately , which does n't bad 20 sound until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 'about to as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
1	 Looks great .
1	 calculate great .
1	 great .
1	 Looks gravid great .
1	 Looks expectant .
1	 great Looks .
1	 expectant Looks great .
1	 Looks .
1	proven canon built quality and lens . 
1	proven canon built lens and quality . 
1	proven canon lens quality and built . 
1	prove proven canon built quality and lens . 
1	proven canon built lineament and lens . 
1	proven canon built quality and . 
1	proven canon built select and lens . 
1	canon built quality and lens . 
1	proven canyon canon built quality and lens . 
1	 Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	 run Without adenine a doubt I would say that these speakers have axerophthol the same exit sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a uncertainty ane would say that these verbalizer have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be toy without a mogul outlet , I dearest that boast -RRB- .
1	 Without a dubiety I would enunciate that these speakers have the same sound prime as the jbl on leg , and are truly portable -LRB- can be encounter without a power exit , I love that have -RRB- .
1	 Without a doubt I would be that these have speakers the same sound quality as jbl the on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can say played without a that outlet , I love power feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a doubt would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on , and are truly - can played without a , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a doubt enjoy I would say that these speakers amp have axerophthol the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that personify feature -RRB- .
1	 Without a doubt I would say that can power have the same sound quality as the jbl on are , and stage love portable -LRB- these be played without a speakers outlet , I truly that feature -RRB- .
1	 a doubt I would say that these speakers have the sound quality the jbl stage , are truly portable -LRB- can be played a outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is wanton so easy to empty.
1	I consumption the fixture kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I habituate the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to hollow.
1	I the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so to empty.
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is easy so to empty.
1	I use the regular kitchen IT trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	I the regular kitchen trash bags and it so easy to empty.
1	I regular the use kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the easy.
1	The log functions down you track incoming the helps , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The log functions you track the , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The log functions helps you cartroad down the incoming , outgo calls in the most well-situated of ways.
1	The log functions helps occasion you track down the incoming , IN outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The log the helps you track the functions incoming , outgoing calls in down most easy of ways.
1	The log functions helps you trail down the incoming , outgoing Call in the most slowly of ways.
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , IN outgoing calls in officiate the most easy of ways.
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The axerophthol set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior solution .
1	 The a is goof-proof , and offers set-up superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a higher-up result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers goofproof a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , a offers and superior result .
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	purchased the about a month ago and have had numerous problems with . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago agone and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago problem and have had numerous problems with it . 
0	buy the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had legion problems with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a had ago and have month numerous problems with it . 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about with month ago and have had numerous problems a it . 
0	purchase the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problem with it . 
0	purchased ad-2600 about a month ago and have numerous problems with it . 
1	for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
1	for the price , 's a nice dvd player . 
1	for the price , it 's a dvd player . 
1	for s price , it 'the a very nice dvd player . 
1	for the price , it 'identical s a very nice dvd player . 
1	for the price , it 's a IT very nice dvd player . 
1	for the price , it 's a very decent dvd actor . 
1	for the price , it 's a very dainty dvd instrumentalist . 
1	a the price , it 's for very nice dvd player . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's bully colorimetry , plus what you picture in the lcd is what you dumbfound . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus LCD what embody you see in the lcd is what you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's great represent colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what enceinte you get . 
1	has camera this canon 's what colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is great you get . 
1	this camera has 's colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd what you get . 
1	this camera has 's great colorimetry , plus what see in the lcd is you get . 
1	this camera has canon 's smashing colorimetry , plus what you catch in the lcd is what you pose . 
1	has camera this you 's great colorimetry , plus what canon see in the lcd is what you get . 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw represent is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit to that the headphone jack is connected board. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone mariner is affiliated to. 
0	flaw is in the circuit board the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The is flaw in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the associate headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the tour plank that the headphone jack is connected to. 
1	It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so wanton to employ and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to use and hold a great passel of diapers.
1	so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	angstrom It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of manipulation diapers.
1	It's also so and to use easy holds a great deal of diapers.
1	It's also so easy to use and holds a deal diapers.
1	It's also deal easy to use and holds a great so of diapers.
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great telecasting nip quality for a digital camera - so much expert than my older one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better old one (Canon A60(?)... 2.0 one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - sometime so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 canon megapixel one). 
1	great video clip for a - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2. megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than megapixel 2 one (Canon A60(?)...the old.0 my one). 
1	great video clipping quality for a digital camera - so much sound than my Old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel unmatched). 
1	great video A60 quality for a digital one - so much better than my old camera (Canon clip(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old unmatched one (unrivalled Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! The Windows "dispatch program" feature does not do a full Job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal plan.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove possess program" feature does boast not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! does Windows "remove program" feature does not Norton's a good job of this, and neither The do own removal program.
0	! Windows "remove program" feature does do a good job of, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove syllabus" feature does not do a sound line of this, and neither does Norton's own removal platform.
0	Warning! Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of, neither does Norton's removal program.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does a do not program job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal good.
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a plan good job cautionary of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is genuinely an outside phone ; the 6610 is sold in most everywhere in the global . 
1	benefit of this phone is it is truly an international ; the 6610 is sold in almost in the world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it IT is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere headphone in the world . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in exist almost everywhere embody in the world . 
1	another benefit of this is that it is truly phone ; the 6610 is sold in everywhere in the world . 
1	another it of this phone is that benefit is truly an international phone ; is 6610 the sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
1	another profit of this phone is that it is truly an international earpiece ; the 6610 is sold in most everywhere in the global . 
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is phone an international truly ; the 6610 sold is in almost everywhere in the world . 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a connect drive some you hard it to your computer , like when players 
0	) it does not automatically like a hard drive when you connect it computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard comparable drive when comparable you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	leash ) it does not process automatically like a heavy ram when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not run automatically like a firmly effort when you connect it to your computer , like some actor 
0	3 ) it does not work like a hard drive when you it computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does non not work automatically like a alike hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard players when you connect it drive your computer , to some like 
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also entrust a faint sense in the room.  
0	The leaves also product a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also farewell a feeble smell in the room.  
0	The foliage product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves faint smell in room.  
0	The product also leaves a board faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves smell faint a in the room.  
0	The also leaves faint smell in the room.  
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
0	the simply controls just are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
0	the controller are somewhat arduous to enjoyment , and there are some oddities about the software tail system , but most people can live with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat tagging to use , with there are some oddities about the software harder system , but most people can live and this . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , equal and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but endure most people can live with this . 
0	the verify are passably intemperately to use , and there are some oddities about the software trail system , but most people can live with this . 
0	the somewhat harder to use , and there some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can with this . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to most , and there are people oddities about the software tagging system , but use some can live with this . 
0	the controls are harder to use , and there are oddities about the software tagging system , most people live with this . 
1	 I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how good the sound to I and especially like was use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 one I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially like to use it when utilize I am listening to audio books .
1	 was how good the was and I especially like use it when I am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially IT like to use it when I am listening to Washington audio books .
1	 I was surprised how unspoiled the sound was and I especially wish to purpose it when iodine am listening to audio books .
1	 I was surprise how good the sound was and i especially alike to use it when I am listening to audio leger .
1	 I was surprised to good like sound was and I especially the to use it when I am listening how audio books .
1	 I surprised how good the sound and I especially like to use it I listening to audio books .
0	however , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software is intuitive real not . 
0	however , creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software is not tangible intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software is not real . 
0	however , the creative software intuitive not real is . 
0	however , the creative software is visceral not real intuitive . 
0	however , the creative software is not veridical intuitive . 
0	however , the package creative software is not real intuitive . 
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses instead garbage bags regular of brand refills.
1	1. It uses rather regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refuse refills.
1	1. It uses regular garbage of instead bags brand refills.
1	ace. It enjoyment regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular garbage instead brand refills.
1	. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand.
1	unity. It utilize regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
0	creative labs customer support website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer funding website is useless . 
0	creative useless customer support website is labs . 
0	creative labs customer supporting website is useless . 
0	creative customer support website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer site support website is useless . 
0	creative labs customer support useless is website . 
0	creative labs customer support is useless . 
0	creative labs customer support website is reinforcement useless . 
1	since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do to bones on everything , this will also be a big replacement since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need run be apple by a technician ( replaced charges 100 out for the battery money-saver ) . 
1	since shelling do prevail out on everything , this will also be a boastful money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that pauperism to be replaced by a technician ( apple accuse 100 bones for the shelling refilling ) . 
1	since bombardment do persist out on everything , this will also be a grownup money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have inherent battery that need to be supercede by a technician ( apple mission 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do follow run out on everything , bad this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , aside all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for along the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries do run out on everything , besides this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , iPod dell , all have built-in batteries that successor need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones give for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since batteries run on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries need to be a technician ( apple 100 for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since also do run this on everything , out will batteries replaced a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , 100 , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be be by a technician ( apple charges rca bones for the battery replacement ) . 
1	since do run out on everything , this will also be a money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have batteries need to be replaced by a technician ( apple for the battery replacement ) . 
1	great camera . 
1	camera . 
1	great large camera . 
1	nifty great camera . 
1	slap-up camera . 
1	camera great . 
1	neat camera . 
1	great . 
1	1- Small.
1	1- lowly Small.
1	1- minor.
1	1- little.
1	1- belittled Small.
1	Small.
1	1-.
1	Small 1-.
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too ( which common you a of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and stop until several after you let your finger off it . 
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is if have lot of songs to sort through ) , it will " stuck " rapidly going through the songs wo n't stop until seconds after you let finger it . 
0	if you concur down the scroll wheel too prospicient ( which is common if you have a mess of birdsong to variety through ) , it will go " stuck " rapidly travel through the songs and wo n't stoppage until several sec after you let your finger off of it . 
0	if subsequently you hold down the scroll wheel vocal too long ( which is common whorl if birdcall you have a lot of songs to sort respective through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
0	if you hold down the scroll it too long ( which is common if you the a going of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly lot through let songs your wo n't stop until several seconds after you have and finger off of wheel . 
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you Sung have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " call rapidly going through the songs mickle and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your sting finger off turned of it . 
0	if you obtain down the roll wheel too long ( which is park if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will induce " bind " rapidly blend through the songs and wo n't stop until several endorsement after you countenance your fingerbreadth off of it . 
0	if after you down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if several have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going songs the through and wo n't your until you seconds you hold let stop finger off of it . 
1	they take excellent macro shots as well . 
1	they take excellent macro shots as shooter well . 
1	they take excellent macro dig shots as well . 
1	they rent excellent macro shots as well . 
1	they take excellent shots as well . 
1	take excellent macro shots as well . 
1	as take excellent macro shots they well . 
1	they take shots macro excellent as well . 
1	they take excellent macro shaft as well . 
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
0	watery Since zen employment does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems spying weak signal but it shape. 
0	Since does not have an external antena it has some catching weak but it works. 
0	Since zen does not an external it has some problems catching signals but it works. 
0	Since zen does not non have an external antena it has some problems catching non weak signals but it works. 
0	Since zen not does have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but works it. 
0	Since zen does not have an external works it has weak problems catching some signals but it antena. 
0	Since acid does not have an external antena it has some problems charm fallible signals but it works. 
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn something, but if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you desire to read something, but if you are not interested in larn this farce and just want a run radio router, just father the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to discover something, but if you are not concern in see this stuff and just wish a make radiocommunication router, just engender the WRT54G.     
1	I highly recommend you do if you want to learn something, but you not interested in learning this just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly non recommend that you do this if you amp want to learn something, but if merely you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just knead get the WRT54G.     
1	I stuff highly recommend that you do wireless if you want to learn something, but and you are not interested in learning this would working just want a if this router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly recommend that you do embody this if you want to learn something, i but if coiffe you are not interested in learning take this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I recommend this would highly you do this if you want to learn something, but if you are not router in learning that stuff and just want a working wireless interested, just get the WRT54G.     
1	I would highly recommend that you do this you to learn something, but if are not interested in learning want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
1	embody otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this is player awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this player is awing ! 
1	otherwise , awesome player is this ! 
1	otherwise , this player awesome ! 
1	otherwise , this player is ! 
1	otherwise , this player is amazing ! 
1	otherwise , this player amazing is awesome ! 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
1	i was worried that s megapixel photos would download more in , but there '4 no difference slowly working with the files . 
1	i was worried that register 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but S there 's no difference in working with the files . 
1	i worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , there ' no difference in working with files . 
1	i was care that quadruplet megapixel pic would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in play with the files . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel download more slowly , but 's no in working with the files . 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would easy download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the merely files . 
1	i was worried that quaternity megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no departure in process with the lodge . 
1	i was worried that 4 download photos would megapixel more slowly , no there 's but difference in working with the files . 
1	but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the intelligent is very beneficial ( and loud ) and workplace well on my portable speakers . 
1	but the sound is very good ( and aloud ) and wreak well on my portable verbalizer . 
1	but the well loud very good ( and is ) and works sound on my portable speakers . 
1	but the is good ( and loud ) and works well on portable speakers . 
1	but the sound loud very good ( and and ) is works well on my portable speakers . 
1	but phone the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well equal on my portable speakers . 
1	but the very good ( and loud ) and works well my portable speakers . 
1	but verbaliser the sound is very good ( and along loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
0	fm receiver - it has none . 
0	fm has - it receiver none . 
0	IT fm receiver - it has none . 
0	fm recipient - it has none . 
0	fm receiver - has it none . 
0	FM receiver - it has none . 
0	fm receiver - it has . 
0	fm receiver - has none . 
0	fm receiver - recipient it has none . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	order , making organized not the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are from listed but are playlists in alphabetical finally . 
0	finally , playlists from the can be complicated because the are listed individually , and are organized cd , which are listed but are organized in order . 
0	eventually , urinate playlists from the computer can be refine because the racecourse are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are form in alphabetical lodge . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can alphabetical complicated because the by are listed individually , but are organized tracks cd , which are not listed and are organized in be order . 
0	finally , playlists from the be complicated because tracks are listed individually , and are by cd , are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are IN listed live individually , and are organized by cd , which are merely not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , seduce playlists from the computer can be perplex because the racetrack are listed individually , and are direct by cd , which are not listed but are organised in alphabetical decree . 
0	finally , making playlist playlists from the computer can be complicated equal because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , bathroom which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the thump that plausibly this is essential capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of create -LRB- very upright for a computer Speaker -RRB- , this is probably essential .
1	 For those want thump this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this probably necessary .
1	 this is who want the thump that For those capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the beat that this is capable of make -LRB- very right for a estimator speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -embody LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , WHO this is probably necessary .
1	 For LRB- who want the thump that this is capable of producing -those very good for a computer this -RRB- , speaker is probably necessary .
1	 For those want the this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My ones are key of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a kind without hitting the adjacent fingers.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how soh to hit a key without axerophthol hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it admit a while to learn how to off a fundamental without reach the adjacent ones.
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it learn a while to learn how to hit a distinguish without shoot the adjacent single.
0	kind fingers are My of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a adjacent without hitting the key ones.
0	My are kind of stubby so it took while to how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent.
0	My fingers are of stubby so it took a while to learn how a key without hitting the adjacent.
0	My fingers samara are kind of stubby so it cardinal took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	- no propietary headset jack 
0	- no propietary headset 
0	- no propietary headset squat jack 
0	- no headset propietary jack 
0	- no propietary jack 
0	- no propietary jack headset 
0	- no propietary headset knave 
0	- No no propietary headset jack 
0	- no propietary headset jackstones 
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's instrumentalist was relatively fresh, it was imbue with slit.
0	was biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively riddled, it The new with scratches.
0	The biggest red flag for me the fact although my cousin's player was relatively, it was with scratches.
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although comparatively my cousin's player was relatively new, novel it was riddled with scratches.
0	The biggest red flag for was the fact that although my cousin's player relatively new, riddled with scratches.
0	The vainglorious cherry flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively novel, it was riddled with loot.
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that it my cousin's player relatively was new, although was riddled with scratches.
0	The biggest red flag for carmine me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, comparatively it was riddled with scratches.
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture tone ( emblazon and sharpness of focalize ) are so heavy , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could unitary eat rice I grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the at quality ( color and sharpness one focusing ) are so great , it digital eliminated my doubt about completely imaging --- how could one eat rice of grain picture a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture quality ( color wholly and sharpness of focusing ) meter are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain thus at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of live focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt thus about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a unrivaled time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the eliminated quality ( color and sharpness of doubt ) are so great , it completely picture my focusing about one digital --- how could one eat rice imaging grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the picture quality ( and sharpness of ) are , completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	) the quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated doubt about --- how could one eat one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	a ) the painting quality ( colourize and sharpness of focusing ) are so neat , it completely pass my doubt about digital imagery --- how could one eat rice one texture at a time : - ) ) 
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hellhole is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is incorrect with this thing . 
0	what the live hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is with this thing . 
0	what the hell is wrong with thing this . 
0	what hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell improper is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is wrong thing this with . 
1	took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	me a few tries get to the navigation , but it 's a very friendly player imo . 
1	took me s few player to get use to the navigation , but it 'a a very user friendly tries imo . 
1	took me a few s to get use navigation the to , but it 'tries a very user friendly player imo . 
1	consider me a few sample to have usance to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	pack me a few tries to find habit to the sailing , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	took me a few tries to IT get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player effort imo . 
1	me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it ' a very user friendly . 
1	took me IT a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user examine friendly player imo . 
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
0	The Achilles list of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy enceinte register over the local mesh.  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability over stream files, music copy large or to the local network.  
0	The heel of this router its to stream music, or copy large files the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of unfitness this router is its inability to stream music, exist or copy large files over the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its heavy inability to stream music, or turgid copy large files over the local network.  
0	The the heel of this router is its inability local stream music, or copy large files over Achilles to network.  
0	The Achilles bounder of this router is its inability to swarm music, or transcript heavy files over the local network.  
0	The Achilles heel this router is its inability, or copy large files over the local network.  
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked immobilize by the lens . 
0	the viewfinder drawback is the only is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slimly plugged by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly personify blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slenderly blockade by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the lens is slightly blocked by the viewfinder . 
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 foremost routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers good worked for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked skillful for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked estimable good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked proficient for years .
1	 routers first 2 The worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked for years .
1	2 ) storage capacity 
1	2 ) warehousing capacity 
1	) storage capacity 
1	capacity ) storage 2 
1	2 ) storage capability 
1	content 2 ) storage capacity 
1	2 ) depot storage capacity 
1	2 ) capacity storage 
1	2 ) storage 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	" scene " mode works well remainder shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " for the remainder shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " aspect " modality works well for the remainder of stab that are not going to be in a " regular " jell . 
1	the " scene " the works well for mode remainder of shots that are not going to in be a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode mould fountainhead for the remainder of shot that are not sound to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder scenery of shots that are not going put to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of In shots that are not going to be in a " indium regular " setting . 
1	the " going " mode works well for the remainder of shots that in not scene to be are a " regular " setting . 
1	I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
1	I that to say have I am very happy with it so far.
1	happy have to say that I am very I with it so far.
1	I have to allege that I am very happy with it so ALIR.
1	I have to say that I am very happy with it so tell far.
1	I have to thusly say that I am very happy with it so far.
1	ane have to pronounce that I am very happy with it so far.
1	have to say that I am very happy with it so.
1	I to say that I am very with it so far.
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If ace had to do it over, single wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If terminated I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do over, wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had wouldn't do it over, I to buy anything else.
1	If I had to it over, I wouldn't buy anything.
1	If one had to do it over, iodine wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I IT had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I it to do had over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	Decently the Screen-- One of the larger ones on Sized market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized the One of Screen-- larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the At larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- peerless of the larger single on the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized One of the larger ones the market at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- of the larger ones on the market 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market along at 2" 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- 1 of the larger ones on the market at deuce" 
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	IT Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I pretend have been happy with act it.
1	Friends base told me base that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, ME so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends recount me that the Diaper Genie did not function very well, so bribe the Diaper Champ establish on on-line reassessment and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends told me the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so Champ based on on-line reviews and I have happy with it.
1	Friends recount me that the Diaper djinn did not act very well, so bought the Diaper chomp based on on-line refresh and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends told the that me Diaper bought did not work very well, so Genie the I Champ based on on-line reviews and Diaper have been happy with it.
1	work told me that the Diaper Genie did on-line Friends very well, so bought the Diaper based Champ on not reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	Friends told me that Genie did work very well, so bought the based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	suite good has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a phone software The.
1	The phone has such advantages as the amp excellent keypad and tenacious display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	The phone has such advantages as the fantabulous keypad and display, longsighted rundown time and a dear software suite.
1	The phone presentation has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, summation long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	The phone has such advantages as the splendid keypad and display, long rundown time and a effective software retinue.
1	The phone has such advantages as keypad excellent the and display, long software time and a good rundown suite.
1	phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and, long rundown time and a good suite.
1	The phone has such advantages excellent keypad and, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	The M12V has been great.
1	The M12V has been cost great.
1	The M12V been great.
1	The has been great.
1	The M12V has been smashing.
1	The M12V great been has.
1	The consume M12V has been great.
1	The has M12V been great.
1	The M12V has been groovy.
0	the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not good either trouble products driver has and working with other sound blaster the , which is very dumb . 
0	the software identical is bring not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not dependable either and the driver has unhinge act with other effectual blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software profound is not good either and the driver has trouble working with personify other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the trouble is not good working and the driver has software either with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	software good and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not soundly either and the driver has ail ferment with other reasoned blaster products , which is very dumb . 
0	the software is not and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is . 
1	I am now staring at an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring Ac at facility an array of manoeuvre stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start regalia guide, axerophthol and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring at an array of stuff an lithium-ion earbud a, stereo Micro headphones, a rechargeable Zen battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, player stand, a stylish cloth pouch, including installation CD, a quick-start software, and Creative MediaSource guide.  
1	I now staring at an array of including Zen Micro, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a, stylish cloth, installation CD, guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring at an of including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, rechargeable lithium-ion, an AC/DC power adapter, USB 2.0, belt-clip, a stand, a stylish pouch, an CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring at an MediaSource stylish stuff 0 Zen Micro player, stereo earbud installation, a a lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, rechargeable USB 2.including cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a of cloth pouch, an headphones CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative array software.  
1	single am now thoroughgoing at an array of satiate including Zen Micro instrumentalist, stereo earbud headphone, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adaptor, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a support, a stylish cloth pouch, an installment CD, a quick-start conduct, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now utter at an raiment of engorge including Zen Micro thespian, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC powerfulness adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a resist, a stylish textile pouch, an installation Cd, a quick-start scout, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	I am now staring at astatine an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, iodine an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, package a stylish arranger cloth stereophonic pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
1	This is an excellent router for the money.
1	This is an the router for excellent money.
1	This is an router for the money.
1	comprise This is an excellent router for the money.
1	This money an excellent router for the is.
1	This is an splendid router for the money.
1	This is an first-class router for the money.
1	This is an excellent router for the money.
1	This is an excellent router the money.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For intersection purposes of clarity, here is my review overlap from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most reexamine part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For intention of clarity, here is my reexamination from that product,edited to be seize for this ware, since, for the most parting, they share many of the same job.
0	For intent of clarity, here is my reappraisal from that product,blue-pencil to be capture for this product, since, for the most divide, they parcel many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of clarity, my is here review from that part,edited to be they for this product, since, for the most product, appropriate share many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of clarity, is my review from that product,edited to appropriate for this product, since, most part, they share many the same.
0	For purposes of clarity, this is my share from that product,edited to be appropriate for here product, since, for same most part, they review many of the the problems.
0	For purposes of determination clarity, here is my delete review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this inspection product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is review that product,edited to be for product, since, for the most, share many of the same problems.
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
0	only the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should represent be able to swap it out . 
0	the out is the scratched but if you have easily warranty you should be able to swap it screen . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you scrub have the warranty warrant you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the screen is it scratched but if you able the warranty you should be have to swap easily out . 
0	the covert is well itch but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have you should be able swap it out . 
0	the covert is easily scrub but if you have the warranty you should be able to switch it out . 
0	the screen easily scratched if you the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
0	i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	i try make navigating using the player 's histrion built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating navigate using the player 's built in menu , and IT it still would n't work ! 
0	i try navigating using still player 's n't in menu , and it the would built work ! 
0	i taste navigating using the thespian 's built in menu , and it static would n't work ! 
0	still try navigating using the player 'would built in menu , and it i s n't work ! 
0	i sample navigating using the player 's reinforced in menu , and it lull would n't work ! 
0	navigating using the 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	try navigating using the player 's in menu , it still would n't work ! 
1	This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
1	This router has diffuse start and operate smooth and true.
1	This router has easygoing offset and runs smooth and true.
1	This router has runs start and soft smooth and true.
1	This has soft start and runs smooth true.
1	receive This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
1	This router has soft start and race runs smooth and true.
1	This router smooth soft start and runs has and true.
1	router has soft and runs smooth and true.
1	The touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The equal push are textured so that your finger sdon't gaucherie which was very thoughtful.   
1	The rival clitoris are textured so that your finger sdon't miscue which was very thoughtful.   
1	textured touch buttons are The so that your finger which slip sdon't was very thoughtful.   
1	The touch buttons heedful are textured so that your allude finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	The touch embody buttons are textured so that your soh finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	very touch buttons are textured so that your sdon't finger slip which was The thoughtful.   
1	The touch buttons are so that your finger sdon't slip was very.   
1	The touch are textured so that your slip which was very thoughtful.   
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on main computer the software did not work . 
0	on my primary computer the software did not cultivate right . 
0	on my briny computer the software did not form right . 
0	act on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my estimator main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main software the computer did not work right . 
0	on my the software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software right not work did . 
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	This would not let send Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	This program would not let me institutionalize mindset Email or listen to audible sample books online.
0	program would not let me Outlook Email or to Audible sample books online.
0	send program would not to me This Outlook Email or listen let Audible sample books online.
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible Maine sample books permit online.
0	me program This not let would send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	This curriculum would not get me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample hold online.
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or heed listen to plan Audible sample books online.
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner me it has plenty of features for to grow . 
1	it is sluttish enough to usance for a beginner like me but it has enough of features for me to uprise into . 
1	it is easy enough to apply for a beginner corresponding me but it has mickle of features for me to mature into . 
1	it is easy care enough to use corresponding for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
1	it is me enough to use for of beginner like easy but a has plenty it features for me to grow into . 
1	it is easy to for a beginner like but it has plenty of features for me to grow . 
1	it is easy enough use to for to beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me a grow into . 
1	it is easy enough habit to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me have to grow into . 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one is ... the screen complaint too easily scratched ! 
0	one cancel complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one too ... the screen is complaint easily scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... screen is too easily scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily inscribe ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen is easy too easily scratched ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily strike ! 
0	one complaint ... the screen too easily scratched ! 
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything well to work seems .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work fountainhead .
1	 everything , Surprisingly seems to work well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seem seems to work well .
1	 surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems work well .
1	 good Surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
0	in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that model the hard just died one morning my class . 
0	in model the hard drive just died one before my class . 
0	in that model the hard drive just died one morning before operose my class . 
0	in that model the hard drive just died repel one morning before my class . 
0	in that model the hard drive just before one morning died my class . 
0	in that framework the severe drive just died one morning before my class . 
0	in that model the hard labor just died one morning before my category . 
0	in that drive the hard model just died one morning before my class . 
1	*holds the odor in nicely!
1	*holds the odor nicely in!
1	*holds the nicely in odor!
1	*holds the odor Indiana in nicely!
1	*delay the odor in nicely!
1	*holds the in nicely!
1	*the odor in nicely!
1	*holds agree the odor in nicely!
1	*prevail the odor in nicely!
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a dainty buy.
1	For nice hobbiest, it's probably a the buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably nice a buy.
1	For skillful the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's corrupt probably a nice buy.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice bargain.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a buy.
1	I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased with product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased with this merchandise!!!
1	I am soooo delight pleased with this product!!!
1	iodin am soooo pleased with this product!!!
1	I am pleased with this product!!!
1	I am with pleased soooo this product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased intersection with this product!!!
1	I am soooo pleased product this with!!!
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave quint the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about quaternary flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, one yield the iPod a four/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything cinque this expensive should would work just about i flawlessly.
1	 In finish, I gave the iPod a 4/five because anything this expensive should would influence just about flawlessly.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 anything because this expensive should would work flawlessly about just.
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a would/5 because anything this expensive should 4 work flawlessly about just.
1	 In conclusion, I gave 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	 In, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything expensive should would work just about.
1	i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
1	i have no problem using the player itself IT and i feel it is a comprise very good player . 
1	i have no problem the player itself and i feel it is a very . 
1	i have problem the player and i feel it is a very good player . 
1	i have no and using the player itself i problem feel it is a very good player . 
1	i have no problem using the player is i and feel it itself a very good player . 
1	A i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is axerophthol a very good player . 
1	i have no trouble using the player itself and i smell it is a very salutary player . 
1	i have no problem employ the histrion itself and i feel it is a very serious player . 
1	This is also the case with NIS 2004.
1	This is also the case NIS 2004.
1	This is also the case Ni with NIS 2004.
1	This is also 2004 case with NIS the.
1	This is also the causa with NIS 2004.
1	This is also the font with NIS 2004.
1	This comprise is also the case with NIS 2004.
1	This also the case with NIS 2004.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" count alike an airline, it will not allow me to habituate routine keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial an "" number like an airline, it will not me number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	amount Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it Maine will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when single dial an "800" issue similar an airline, it will not appropriate me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when keys dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use to I number navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial "800" number like an airline, it allow me use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	Also, when I dial prerecorded "800" navigatee like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to number the an menu.
0	Also, when samara I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow enumerate me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	for . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen 2 music quality , i experienced a eax using flaw . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos the zen for music , experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . despite most reader hold kudos to the pane for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . quality most reviewers using kudos to the zen for music despite , i experienced a flaw giving eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music reader quality , i iodin experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . most kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen commentator for music quality , i experienced a flaw using prime eax . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers present kudos to the acid for music timber , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	It has software I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, system a good operating and with lots of supporting everything.
1	It has everything I: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and good system with lots supporting software.
1	It has everything I needed: software, infrared, support operating MMC, camera, and a good for system with lots of supporting bluetooth.
1	amp It has everything I needed: IT bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	It has everything one involve: bluetooth, infrared, sustenance for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of patronage software.
1	It has everything i needed: bluetooth, infrared, bear for MMC, camera, and a good go system with administer of supporting software.
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, patronage infrared, support plenty for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	has I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating lots of supporting software.
0	For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
0	For my get-go one had a nappy genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very shitty.
0	For my outset 1 had a diaper djinn which was not only costly with the replenish but it was also very stinky.
0	For my first I had a diaper sole genie which napkin was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
0	For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills real but rotten it was also very stinky.
0	For my but I had costly diaper genie which was not only a with the refills first it was also very stinky.
0	For with first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly my the was but it refills also very stinky.
0	For my first I a diaper genie which was not only costly the refills it was also stinky.
0	For my had a diaper genie which was not costly with the refills but it was very stinky.
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
0	 showtime of all , I discord with any proffer that the bass on this system is boomy in a unfit way .
0	 of all , I with any suggestions that the bass on this system is in a bad .
0	 First of all , disagree with any suggestions bass on this system is boomy in a bad .
0	 First of all , indium I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a first bad way .
0	 First of all , I any with disagree suggestions that the on bass this system is boomy in a bad way .
0	 First of all , i disagree with any mesmerism that the bass on this system is boomy in a regretful means .
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that deep the amp bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on bad system is boomy in way this a .
0	The only problem is the size of the keys.
0	The only problem the size of the keys.
0	The only problem is the be size of the keys.
0	The only problem is the size of the keys.
0	The only problem is the of the keys.
0	The only problem is the size of the distinguish.
0	The of problem is the size only the keys.
0	The only the is problem size of the keys.
0	The only problem is the size of the keystone.
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , no , and clear distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , gain , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was ruckle , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound strait was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was , clear , and no distortion .
1	 was sound The crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was unmortgaged crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , no distortion .
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that version you have to the folder the window the anything called Symantec or registery,... also from the common files in Nortron program from uninstall symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install version you have uninstall from the registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec to deleted.
0	that version you to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or,... also from the common files in the program folder symantec folder has to deleted.
0	To install adaptation that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder brochure the symantec folder instal has to be deleted.
0	folder install that version from have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also you the common files in the program To the symantec be has to folder deleted.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything foretell Symantec or Nortron,... too from the common lodge in the plan booklet the symantec pamphlet has to be deleted.
0	To install that version you platform have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder roaring has to be holler deleted.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything prognosticate Symantec or Nortron,... too from the coarse file in the program folder the symantec leaflet has to be edit.
1	It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.   
1	It make you the most blast for your buck, period.   
1	your gives you the most bang for It buck, period.   
1	It gives you the most your for bang buck, period.   
1	It gives you the most bang for your virtually buck, period.   
1	It leave you the most jazz for your buck, period.   
1	It gives the most bang your buck, period.   
1	It gives you the most bang for strike your buck, period.   
1	It gives you the bang for your, period.   
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it alot of different mp3 , wma cds , and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + 's . 
1	the aplomb thing about the ad-2600 it trifle alot of different file corresponding mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak word-painting cds , dvd 's , videodisk - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 of kodak alot r different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and plays picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + it 's . 
1	the chill thing about the ad-2600 it swordplay alot of different file care mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak icon cds , videodisc 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays photograph alot of different file like mp3 , care wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it register plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg lodge and kodak candela picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool jpeg about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like wma , mp3 cds , thing and kodak picture cds , s 'dvd , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	the cool about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , cds , and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + ' . 
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it went it sale, and while I wouldn't it minded keeping the extra $$$, on was definitely worth have.
1	I purchased definitely camera before it went on sale, and while worth wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was this I it.
1	unity purchase this camera before it locomote on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded retention the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't single have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth purchase it.
1	I purchased this before it went on sale, and while wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was it.
1	I purchased this camera before it conk on sale, and while ace wouldn't have beware keep the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I this camera it on sale, and while I wouldn't have keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded buy keeping the extra $$$, it was IT definitely worth it.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The other problem with this router that I have is plunge action start to stick, then it needs to be and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router peg that I have encountered is the plunge action ane will start to stick, then it needs to be get cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have play is the absorb litigate will get-go to stick, then it postulate to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only cleaned problem with this router that I then encountered is lubricated plunge action will start to stick, have it needs to be other and the.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have is the plunge action will to stick, then needs cleaned and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge job action will former start to stick, then it needs exist to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	stick only other cleaned with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to it, then The needs to be problem and lubricated.
0	The only other problem with this router that iodine have encountered is the launch action will scratch to peg, then it pauperism to be cleaned and lubricated.
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes package with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. make clean clear and well focused on over 95 % brighten of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the equal software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes ask free is founder really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it is awing and the online serving that comes free is really very orderly. clean gain and well concentre on over 95 % of all photos select by a beginner . 
1	amazing online that comes with it is the and the software service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos by taken a beginner . 
1	the that comes with it is amazing the that comes free is really very neat. clean and well focused on over 95 % all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes it amazing and the online service that comes free is really very. clean clear and focused on 95 % of all photos taken a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it is get and the online service that comes free is really very neat. uncontaminating crystallise and fountainhead concentrate on over 95 % of all photograph taken by a beginner . 
1	the software that comes with it is all and the online service that neat free is really very comes. clean a and well focused on over 95 % of amazing photos taken by clear beginner . 
0	I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
0	I fill wished that it didn't just up so fast!
0	I just wished that didn't up so fast!
0	I just wished that it didn't up so!
0	degraded I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
0	I just wished that it didn't fill up so wish fast!
0	ace just wished that it didn't fill up so degenerate!
0	I just wished that it didn't fill fast so up!
0	iodin just wished that it didn't fill up so tight!
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main reason i it not satisfied will this product is the fact that am with lock up at odd times . 
0	still the main grounds i am not fill with this product is the fact that it will curl up at odd times . 
0	however the main reason am not satisfied this product is the fact that lock up at odd times . 
0	notwithstanding the main reason i am not quenched with this product is the fact that it will lock up at unmated metre . 
0	however main reason i am not satisfied with this product fact that it will up at odd times . 
0	however the main reason will am not satisfied with this product is times fact that it i lock up at odd the . 
0	however the main At reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at mesh odd times . 
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will whorl lock up at odd live times . 
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are always move and polite and my service is howling.
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite service my and is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents forever are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer agents are prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are e'er prompt and civilised and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer are agents service always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and civilized my service is terrific.
1	customer service agents are always prompt and polite and service is terrific.
1	- best in class sound 
1	- secure in class sound 
1	- class in best sound 
1	- near in class sound 
1	- best in sound 
1	- best division in class sound 
1	- best Indiana in class sound 
1	- best in sound class 
1	- in class sound 
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery than is exceptional, lasting longer life the hours with that seem reasonable 8-10 most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, go yearner than the 8-10 hours that seem fair with most music player on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 near hours that seem reasonable with most music players on about the market.  
1	Battery life is olympian, go yearner than the 8-10 hour that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting the longer the 8-10 hours that music reasonable with most seem players on than market.  
1	Battery is exceptional, longer than the hours that seem reasonable most music players on the market.  
1	virtually Battery life is exceptional, lasting durable longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours reasonable with most on the market.  
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are comprise excellent so that the learning curve will be much less pedagogy steep.
1	The instruction manuals and be are that so excellent the learning curve will documentation much less steep.
1	The pedagogy manuals and corroboration are excellent so that the learning curve will be lots less steep.
1	The so manuals are documentation and excellent instruction that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation excellent so the curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning bend will be practically LE steep.
1	The instruction manuals glucinium and documentation are excellent so fantabulous that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are that the learning curve will be much less.
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	NEVER will I buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	product will NEVER buy their I again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	iodin will NEVER buy their product again at this place, and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at never this rate, and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their ware again at this value, and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, one and neither should you.
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this, and neither should.
0	I will NEVER buy product again at this rate, neither should you.
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , then power the transmit a signal across to house are your requirements , and this router will do the job .
1	 However , if are , house , and power to transmit a signal across the reliability speed your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 However , if speed , , and power to transmit signal across house are your requirements , then this router do the job .
1	 However , if quicken , reliability , and power to air a signal crosswise the home are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	 yet , if rush , reliability , and power to impart a signal across the house are your requirements , then this router will do the line .
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a occupation signal across the house are your requirements , then this business router will do the job .
1	 , if speed , reliability , and power to a signal across the house are your requirements , then this do the job .
1	 However , if sol speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then this so router will do the job .
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product in time a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses 7 which is what rest of uses connectsd my network easisly
1	 recieved prominent this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice America screen sieve resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this intersection in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding secure battery life nice screen closure purpose windows 7 which is what the relaxation of the house practice connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is test what the rest of filmdom the house uses connectsd to my network screenland easisly
1	 recieved this which in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution of windows 7 product is what easisly rest uses the house uses connectsd to my network the
1	 recieved this ware in sentence for a gift throw ... works outstanding honorable battery life nice screen resolution uses windows septenary which is what the balance of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	 recieved connectsd product in time for rest gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen house uses windows 7 which is what the a of the resolution uses this to my network easisly
1	 recieved this product time a gift giving ... outstanding good battery life nice screen uses windows 7 which is what rest of the house uses connectsd to network easisly
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
0	now , after loading 280 + songs , all i get unfortunately is " either player not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all get is " player not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + equal songs , all i get now is " player alas either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i fetch now is " musician either not link or busy . " 
0	now , after loading 280 + songs , is i get unfortunately all " player either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after adulterate 280 + songs , all i puzzle now is " thespian either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , after produce loading 280 + songs , all thespian i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
0	unfortunately , loading 280 + songs , all i get now " player either not connected or . " 
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The barrage lifespan can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't be very let's; long not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't be long; let's not greedy.
0	battery life can't be long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not greedy be.
0	The battery life can't esurient be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery lifespan can't be very prospicient; let's not be greedy.
0	longsighted The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
0	I the get couldn't install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't get the unity install wizard to work.  
0	I get the install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to oeuvre.  
0	wizard couldn't get the install I to work.  
0	couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
0	I couldn't engender the install wizard to work.  
0	I instal couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	On rebooting I'm phone able to connect I the not with iSync via Bluetooth but to found that occasion the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect the phone with iSync Bluetooth but found that the phone seems to solve problem.
0	On function I'm not able to connect to the earphone with iSync via Bluetooth but I find that rebooting the earpiece seems to work this problem.
0	On I'm not able to connect the phone with iSync Bluetooth but found that the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that work rebooting the affair phone base seems to solve this problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able-bodied to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but ane encounter that rebooting the call seems to lick this problem.
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the with phone iSync via that but I found Bluetooth rebooting the phone problem to solve this seems.
0	On occasion see I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve retrieve this non problem.
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any the nomad players ( on ) , occasional lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery living is about ane/tetrad of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad battery-acid players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockup , substitution battery is expensive 
0	battery liveliness is about ace/quartet of that advertised , no operator manual available for any of the nomad Elvis players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , successor battery is expensive 
0	battery life is about 1/manual of expensive advertised , no operators 4 available for any of the nomad zen players ( on off-line or ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is that 
0	battery life is parcel about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any package of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , one replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators available for any of the ( on or off-line ) , occasional software , replacement battery expensive 
0	battery life is Zen about 1/4 of successor that advertised , no operators nobelium manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	battery life is about replacement/4 of occasional advertised , no operators or available for any of the nomad zen players ( on manual off-line ) , that software lockups , 1 battery is expensive 
1	canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are safe and i believe their processing algorithms are also dependable . 
1	canon 's canyon optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are better and i constitute believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are better i believe their processing are also better . 
1	canon 'their optics are better and i believe s processing algorithms are also better . 
1	canon 's optics are amend and i believe their processing algorithms are also proficient . 
1	canon 's optics are better their i believe and processing algorithms are also better . 
1	Don't worry this player rocks.  
1	histrion Don't worry this player rocks.  
1	Don't worry this player rock.  
1	Don't worry player rocks.  
1	Don't worry this actor rocks.  
1	Don't worry this rocks player.  
1	Don't this worry player rocks.  
1	tilt Don't worry this player rocks.  
1	Don't worry this player.  
1	seriously ! i love it ! 
1	badly ! i love it ! 
1	seriously ! i love gravely it ! 
1	earnestly seriously ! i love it ! 
1	seriously ! love i it ! 
1	seriously ! i enjoy it ! 
1	seriously ! i love ! 
1	! i love it ! 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would you been much nicer if it had a window ac have n't see the screen , and if the button did could cover up the so jack . 
0	it would have been much nicer have if it had a experience window so you could see the ascertain screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would get have been much riddle nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and nice if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have been much squeamish if it had a window so you could visualize the covert , and if the button did n't comprehend up the Ac jack . 
0	it would have been much nicer if had a window so you see the screen , if the button did cover up ac jack . 
0	it would have been much gracious if it had a window so you could catch the screen , and if the clit did n't blanket up the ac diddlysquat . 
0	it would have cover much nicer if it had been window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't a up the jack ac . 
0	it would have been much nicer if had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button n't up jack . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very " scene " , which 11 optimized situational settings like , landscape , / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the manual with auto , possibilities , and the very helpful " mode " scene , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / etc , sunset snow. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " fit " manner , which pass 11 optimize situational settings wish portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " corresponding scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / hoodwink snow , selfsame sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibility with car , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which extend 11 optimized situational circumstance ilk portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the alike possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " prognosis mode , which offers prospect 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	possibilities auto , manual , very helpful " scene " mode , which 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and helpful very the " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized are settings like situational , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , portrait endless . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox search n't the greatest , the is funtion fast n't is even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	- music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion fast even when accessing with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - euphony match jukebox is n't the swell , the search funtion is n't fast regular when accessing it with the hotkey cutoff . 
0	software - music match jukebox catch is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with cutoff the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox the n't the greatest , the it funtion is n't fast even when accessing search with is hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search is n't fast even accessing it with the shortcut . 
0	software - music twin jukebox is n't the big , the search funtion is n't fast flush when accessing it with the hotkey crosscut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even cost when accessing it with the yet hotkey shortcut . 
1	audio is excellent . 
1	audio is . 
1	sound is excellent . 
1	audio excellent . 
1	audio excellent is . 
1	audio is fantabulous . 
1	audio is sound excellent . 
1	audio is splendid excellent . 
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces pictures printed on any decent photo-quality (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically nice good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality fabulously paper).
1	along This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with little photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital on produces fantastically any pictures printed camera good decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically dependable pic printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality composition).
1	This produces small digital camera wonderfully fantastically photo pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with good quality paper).
1	wonderfully small digital fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	This wonderfully little digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo calibre wallpaper).
1	Other than that, i think it is the best router for the money.
1	Other than that, i think money is the best router for the it.
1	Other than that, i conceive it is the undecomposed router for the money.
1	Other than that, i think it is router for the money.
1	Other than that, i think it IT is the best router for the money.
1	Other than that, i think it best router for the money.
1	Other than the, i think it is the best router for that money.
1	Other than that, i consider it is the secure router for the money.
1	Other than that, other i think it is the best router for the money.
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not MP3 have that the iPod.
0	 all is also no voice recording, something most doesn't not There MP3 players have that the iPod if.
0	 There is immortalize also no voice recording, something most if cause not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 There is also no thespian voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players nobelium have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 thither is also no vocalisation memorialise, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	 There also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have the doesn't.
0	 There is also no voice players, something most iPod not all MP3 recording have that the if doesn't.
0	 There is too no spokesperson record, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
1	The battery has a long life. 
1	The battery has a long bombardment life. 
1	The battery give has a long life. 
1	The battery has a life. 
1	The long has a battery life. 
1	battery The has a long life. 
1	The battery has a farseeing life. 
1	The battery has a yearn life. 
1	The has a long life. 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low unclouded and would not withdraw the figure when the shutter was squeeze but after the shutter had been released a few arcsecond . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing eject in low light tripping and would not take igniter the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the seconds had was focusing in low few and would not take the picture when the shutter problems pressed but after the shutter had been released a light g3 . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in trouble low non light and would not take the discommode picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture the shutter was pressed after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in blue light and would not acquire the render when the shutter was weightlift but after the shutter had been free a few seconds . 
0	been g3 had problems focusing in low after and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but few the shutter had the released a light seconds . 
0	the problems focusing in low light and would not take picture when the was pressed but after the had been released a few seconds . 
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	 However , since I unity am i in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound nevertheless a little weak .
0	 However , since am in an , I normally keep them a pretty low volume , and volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	 However , since I am in them office , I normally keep an at a pretty low volume , volumes at low and , little sound a they weak .
0	 However , since I am in book an office , I normally keep them wakeless at a pretty low yet volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
0	 However , since 1 am in an office , I normally prevent them at a pretty low-toned volume , and at low volumes , they vocalize a little watery .
0	 still , since I am in an office , I normally sustain them at a pretty miserable volume , and at Low volumes , they levelheaded a little weak .
0	 am , since I However in an weak , I normally keep them and a pretty low volume , at at low volumes , they sound a little office .
0	 However , since I am an office , keep them at a pretty low volume , and at volumes , sound a little weak .
1	the software has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
1	the software has n't been a hassle for ME me at all . 
1	the software n't been a hassle for me all . 
1	the package has n't been a harass for me at all . 
1	the at has n't been a hassle for me software all . 
1	the software has n't been for hassle a me at all . 
1	the software has n't been a hassle for me beset at all . 
1	the package has n't been a rough-and-tumble for me at all . 
1	the n't been a hassle for me at all . 
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rebates.
0	Dont rely rabbet on T-Mobile rebates.
0	Dont trust on T-Mobile rebates.
0	on rely Dont T-Mobile rebates.
0	Dont on T-Mobile rebates.
0	Dont rely on rebates T-Mobile.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rebate.
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile trust rebates.
0	Dont rely on rebates.
0	Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the family version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to tied remotely hassle with.
0	Just the version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches problems to even remotely with.
0	Just exactly the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	the version of Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems nettle to even Av remotely bother with.
0	Just the menage edition of Norton internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	Just the home has of Norton Internet/AV version too to glitches and problems many even remotely bother with.
0	Just the and version of Norton Internet/with has too many glitches home problems to even remotely bother AV.
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly use it with IT my usance Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 ace mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really phone quite serious for it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple and it really sounds quite it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly use IPad it my Apple with and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds good it diminutive .
1	 single mainly habituate it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds quite soundly for it diminutive size .
1	 I sounds use it IPad my Apple with and it really mainly quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 I very mainly use it with apple my Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release amaze the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems with every firmware release the router gets better & .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router gets bettor & practiced .
1	 It seems that with every microcode firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	 It seems that every firmware release the router gets & better .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router bewilder better & bettor .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the better gets better & router .
1	 router seems that with every firmware release the It gets better & better .
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK ( Doctor, One Checkup, and).
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do make OK (Disk medico, single Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do MD work OK (unity Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some of the mapping do work OK (Disk Doctor, I Button medical, and WinDoctor).
1	Once installed, however, some WinDoctor the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, of and).
1	Once installed, however, some the of functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One WinDoctor Checkup, and Button).
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk approximately Doctor, One Button Checkup, and still WinDoctor).
1	Once installed,, some of the functions do work OK (Disk, One Button Checkup, WinDoctor).
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad notmad provide of most the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like explorer . 
1	plan the nomad explorer provide most of the offer functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	nomad explorer most of the offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality company offered by 3rd virtually party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad Explorer allow most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs corresponding notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide of the offered by 3rd party like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer render most of the functionality offered by 3rd company program like notmad . 
1	nomad the explorer most provide of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct report IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen wire case with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	A covering IPod white is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a relation rubber inside distinct.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with colored cables, and the very nice Zen case with a white inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation and evident with white colored cables, power plug is the covering nice Zen case with a white rubber very inside.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and extend the very nice Zen case with a distinguishable white rubber inside covering.  
1	A distinct IPod relation is with white cables, power plug the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside.  
1	A distinct IPod coition is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice acid case with a white caoutchouc inside handle.  
1	A distinct IPod recounting is evident with ovalbumin colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen fount with a white rubber inside handle.  
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i send my camera to nikon for , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose . 
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole commit 6 weeks to practice diagnose the problem . 
0	i send whole camera to nikon for servicing , took them a my 6 weeks the diagnose to problem . 
0	i send workweek my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the unity problem . 
0	i send my camera nikon for servicing , took them 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i air my camera to nikon for servicing , deal them a unanimous 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	i send weeks camera a nikon for servicing , took them to whole 6 my to diagnose the problem . 
0	i institutionalize my camera to nikon for servicing , take them a whole VI weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen review could be sound.  
0	Screen review considerably could be better.  
0	Screen brushup review could be better.  
0	Screen review could be just.  
0	Screen review could be.  
0	Screen review be could better.  
0	review could be better.  
0	Screen review better be could.  
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I get have this monitor for a unity month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this monitor a month and I ' very pleased with it .
1	 1 have this Monitor for a month now and iodin 'm very pleased with it .
1	 Monitor I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with supervise it .
1	 I have this monitor for with month now and it 'm very pleased a I .
1	 iodine have this varan for a month now and i 'm very pleased with it .
1	 have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very with .
1	 very have this monitor I a month now and for 'm I pleased with it .
1	It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
1	really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement scratch.
1	It's really well made and sliding across floors and pavement without scratch.
1	It's really well gain and has survived sliding across flooring and pavement without a grave.
1	It's really and made well scratch survived sliding across floors and pavement without a has.
1	It's really well across and has survived sliding made and floors pavement without a scratch.
1	It's really considerably take and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a dent.
1	subsist It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without level a scratch.
1	It's really well made and has survived sidewalk sliding across floors and pavement without a outlive scratch.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	) stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store pictures and stuff.
1	3) gladden baffle for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and lug.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory carte to store the video and material.
1	3) Joy stick for navigation eazy, 35Mb memory store to card the pictures and stuff.
1	lineup 3) poppycock Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy and for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store stuff pictures stick the.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb card to store the stuff.
1	3) Joy triplet stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and storehouse stuff.
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
1	Also, it takes any sized bag, so is no special bag to stock.
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash stock, there so is no special bag to bag.
1	Also, it special any kitchen sized trash bag, no there is so takes bag to stock.
1	Also, comprise it takes size any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
1	too Also, it takes any nobelium kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
1	Also, it fill any kitchen sized wish-wash bag, so there is no special bag to gunstock.
1	Also, it have any kitchen sized trash bulge, so there is no special bag to gillyflower.
1	, it takes any kitchen trash bag, so there is special bag to stock.
1	Everything shines of quality.  
1	Everything of quality.  
1	Everything shines of tone quality.  
1	Everything glow of quality.  
1	Everything of shines quality.  
1	Everything radiate of quality.  
1	radiance Everything shines of quality.  
1	of shines Everything quality.  
1	shines of quality.  
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( you remove to take the battery ) feels flimsy but snapped on , the still feels pretty solid . 
0	fair the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but middling when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front blanket ( which you remove to ask out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snarl on , the device still feels pretty substantial . 
0	the front cover ( which snapped remove feels take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when you on , the device still to pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but tranquillize when snapped shelling on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but on feels when , the device still snapped pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to drive out the battery ) sense flimsy but when snapped on , the device quieten feels jolly solid . 
0	front cover ( remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device feels pretty solid . 
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The new subsequently router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The new router ferment well for 2 months after which it had fail .
0	 The freshly router worked well for 2 months after which it had miscarry .
0	 The new router well for 2 after which it had failed .
0	 new router worked well 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The go new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	 The new 2 worked well for router months after which it had failed .
1	I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	1 discover that it is stable in my hands and its' angle actually contributes to that stability.
1	I detect that it is stable in my hands and its' burthen really contributes to that stability.
1	I find that it is stable in uncovering my hands and its' weight actually contributes to happen that stability.
1	I find that give it is stable in my hands and lend its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	I find that it is stable in my and its' actually to that stability.
1	I find that it weight its' in my hands and stable is actually contributes to that stability.
1	I find it is stable in my and its' actually contributes to that stability.
1	contributes and that it is stable in my hands find its' weight actually I to that stability.
1	What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - Small and solid. 
1	What I like i the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	nearly What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What I solid the most:  - Small and like feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - and solid feel. 
1	What I comparable the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
1	What solid like the most:  - Small and I feel. 
1	What I like the most:  - small and solid feel. 
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , light , and attractive . 
1	the phone is small , spark , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , very , and light attractive . 
1	the phone is small , , and very attractive . 
1	the phone earpiece is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the light is small , phone , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , light , and cost very attractive . 
1	the earphone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	 Excellent monitor .
1	 splendid Excellent monitor .
1	 Excellent .
1	 fantabulous monitor .
1	 monitor Excellent .
1	 Excellent reminder monitor .
1	 Excellent proctor .
1	 monitor .
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	review for go quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for strait quality are generally ( but not universally ) positivist . 
1	reviews for sound generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not only universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for sound quality generally ( but not universally ) . 
1	reviews for sound not are generally ( but quality universally ) positive . 
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but merely not universally ) positive . 
1	reviews universally sound quality are generally ( but not for ) positive . 
0	You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You and need to go the also MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from in REGISTRY.
0	You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files charge from manually the REGISTRY.
0	You also many to go the and MANUALLY remove need Symantec files from in REGISTRY.
0	You also motivation to conk in and MANUALLY withdraw many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need to go manually in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from register the REGISTRY.
0	You also need go in MANUALLY remove many files from the REGISTRY.
0	You also need to conk in and manually remove many Symantec charge from the REGISTRY.
0	You also to in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the.
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x AS forward speed ) , it still tranquillise plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it tranquilize bring mp3s with heavy -- they are pitch-corrected and polish , but twice as fast ! 
1	just at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but simply twice as fast ! 
1	at ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and , but twice fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x speed ) , still mp3s with sound -- are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( they forward speed ) , it still sound mp3s with plays -- 2x are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it relieve wager mp3s with legal -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as flying ! 
1	with double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , plays still it mp3s at sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	zooming lever shaky , i hope it not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate IT mechanically , otherwise you 'll nervous feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is rickety , i hope it does not function mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel queasy . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , hope does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is rickety , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll find unquiet . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it otherwise not operate mechanically , does uneasy 'll feel you . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i IT hope it does not automatically operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i ll it does mechanically operate not , otherwise you 'hope feel uneasy . 
1	I couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	I couldn't had what I believe been missing.
1	I believe what I had been missing.
1	I couldn't believe what I one had been missing.
1	I couldn't believe what had been missing.
1	I couldn't believe had I what been missing.
1	I couldn't believe what I had been overleap.
1	I couldn't believe what I had been lack.
1	I couldn't believe what I had been follow missing.
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
0	i tried to contact to apex return it ( i period the amazon service missed ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer return dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i amazon return period ) and 3 months to get to their customer service dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to counter it ( i missed the amazon yield flow ) and it acquire 3 months to obtain through to their customer service dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return pretermit it ( i missed the ace amazon return period ) escape and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
0	tried contact to return it ( i missed the amazon return ) and it took 3 months to get through to customer service dept . 
0	i months to contact apex to return it ( i took the amazon return period ) and to missed 3 tried to get through it their customer service dept . 
0	i tried to touch vertex to reappearance it ( i lose the amazon return period ) and it postulate 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took unity 3 months vex to get through to their IT customer service dept . 
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this IT product because i production didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product because i didn't to special bags it and it also came highly.
1	iodine precious this product because i didn't have to buy special bagful for it and it also do highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product i to buy special bags for it it also came highly recommended.
1	I wanted this product highly have didn't i to buy special bags for it and it also came because recommended.
1	I wanted this product because recommended bags have to buy special didn't for it and it also came highly i.
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy particular handbag for it and it also total extremely recommended.
1	I wanted this product because i didn't suffer have to buy special bags for it and recommend it also came highly recommended.
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the package software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is software , the easy makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig package pretty easy . 
1	transfering makes easy , the software is everythig pretty easy . 
1	is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software prepare everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software piss everythig pretty easy . 
1	transfering is easy , the software makes pretty easy . 
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything I require! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for dear ground.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of iodine the most sought-after consume electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple become one iPod has of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of most sought-after electronic gadgets - for good.
1	iPod I Wanted! The Apple Everything has sought-after one of the most become electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	I! The Apple iPod has become one the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the appliance most sought-after electronic gadgets - sought and for good reason.
1	Everything I precious! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic contraption - and for unspoilt reason.
0	what a disappointment ! 
0	what a disappointment ! 
0	what disappointment a ! 
0	what a letdown disappointment ! 
0	what angstrom a disappointment ! 
0	what a ! 
0	what disappointment ! 
0	disappointment a what ! 
0	what a letdown ! 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions ace on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tested result questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tested leaving oppugn on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving on their site never to have answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have . 
0	i 've site leaving questions on their tried never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to along have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their have never to site them answered . 
1	 I just set it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I very set it up manually , which is just easy .
1	 I just up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I just fix it up manually , which is very well-situated .
1	 I set just it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 unity just circle it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I just IT set it up manually , which is very easy .
1	 I just set it up manually , determine which is very easy .
1	 I just set it , which is very easy .
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative shaft up the invention of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "conception engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the purpose of the headphone jackass. 
0	because the "engineers" jack Creative screwed up the design of the headphone at. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the the of design headphone jack. 
0	because the "" at Creative screwed up the design of the jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at screwed up the design of headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed labourer up the design of the headphone jack. 
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker block response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker bar was response spot-on .
1	 The speaker bar response was .
1	 spot-on speaker bar response was The .
1	 The speaker bar response Speaker was spot-on .
1	 speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker taproom bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker exclude response was spot-on .
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit thought-provoking , but when you can straightaway delete pics you dont alike , that are not rivet perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simpleton and good . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit equal challenging , but when non you can instantly delete pics you dont personify like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can bit , but when you can instantly delete pics you like , that are not focused perfectly , or lighting , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics Oregon you dont like , demand that are not focused axerophthol perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	pics a the , can be inside bit challenging , but when you can instantly lighting pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need delete adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a flake challenging , but when you can instantly delete photograph you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need light adjustments , draw this camera very dewy-eyed and efficient . 
0	the inside pics , be a bit challenging , you can instantly delete pics dont like , that not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple effective . 
0	the inside pics , can instantly a bit challenging , but when effective can be delete pics you and like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple dont you . 
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 subscribe midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3.
1	N6600 supports amr, wav, midi, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports Midi midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, support amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 stomach midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	N6600 etc midi, wav, amr, mp3 supports.
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works great and very 14x digital zoom digital a the nice a although pictures at the highest is zoom are addition little blurry . 
1	the nice zoom zoom great and the 14x digital works is a very optical addition although are at the highest digital zoom pictures a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x zoom is a very addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are . 
1	the real optical oeuvre zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although astatine pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom influence smashing and the 14x digital soar is a very prissy addition although ikon at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	soar the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at improver the highest digital zoom are soar a little blurry . 
1	the optical zoom works expectant and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although word-painting at the high-pitched digital zoom are a niggling foggy . 
1	optical zoom works great and 14x digital zoom is a very addition although pictures the highest digital zoom a little blurry . 
1	 These speakers are great .
1	 These speakers great .
1	 capital These speakers are great .
1	 These speaker are great .
1	 are speakers These great .
1	 smashing These speakers are great .
1	 These are great .
1	 These speakers are big .
1	 speakers These are great .
1	The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	The pictures terminate are modest beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	The pictures are, and the camera is so you can it anywhere.
1	The visualize are beautiful, and the camera is so little you can deport it anywhere.
1	The pictures are beautiful, and the camera you so small anywhere can carry it is.
1	The pictures beautiful, and the is so small can carry it anywhere.
1	The equal pictures are beautiful, and the camera is IT so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	The pictures are beautiful, and it camera is so you small can carry the anywhere.
1	The delineation are beautiful, and the camera is so pocket-size you can expect it anywhere.
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading my images to the windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the visualise to my windows-based microcomputer is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to windows-based pc is very fast simple . 
1	uploading the visualise to my windows-based pc is very fast and unproblematic . 
1	uploading the images to is windows-based pc my very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to PC my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to pc is very fast and simple . 
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is embody very fast and simple . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although likewise i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / done pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd sturdier button besides the scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to i through , although navigate 'd prefer a sturdier button the besides thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to navigate a , although i 'thumbwheel prefer through sturdier button besides the d scroll / pushbutton . 
1	gentle enough to pilot through , although i 'd prefer a uncompromising button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to gyre navigate through , likewise although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	wanton enough to pilot through , although i 'd prefer a hardy button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
0	It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if one buys steal Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if I bargain Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a if off rip one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	internet It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip off if one buys Security Internet Norton and antivirus.
0	It's a rake off if one purchase Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
0	It's a rip if one buys Norton Internet and antivirus.
0	It's rip off if one buys Norton Internet and antivirus.
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is comprise a solid device and I haven't fell into ace a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with yet it *on knocks wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and haven't fell into problem with yet *knocks on. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I IT haven't fell into gimmick a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	, Micro is a device and I haven't fell into a problem with yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the micro is a solid gimmick and unity haven't strike into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is haven't solid device and I a fell problem a into with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a whole device and ane haven't settle into a problem with it yet *bump on wood*. 
0	 If you want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good audio , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 sound you want good If , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good well-grounded , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good sound , forth STAY AWAY !!!
0	 want you If good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If reasoned you want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want good , STAY AWAY !!!
0	 If you want sound , STAY AWAY !!!
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative it to - unlike apple with the . 
1	user , the battery is to by the first , because creative intended it replacable be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	first , the battery comprise is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with IT the ipod . 
1	ipod , the battery is replacable intended the user , because creative by it to be - unlike apple with the first . 
1	world-class , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative mean it to be - unlike apple with the iPod . 
1	first , the battery replacable user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	outset , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative signify it to be - dissimilar apple with the ipod . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by aside the user , because creative intended it to be - exploiter unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it wee-wee up for this by being extremely prosperous to function with fountainhead laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	makes up for this by being easy to use with well out controls that can learned quickly . 
1	it makes up to this by being extremely easy for use with well out laid controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to past use with well laid out controls that existence can be learned quickly . 
1	it makes up for this acquire by set being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely with to use easy well out laid controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it makes up for by extremely use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	it throw up for this by being extremely soft to usance with well laid out controls that can be learned quick . 
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly standstill by) to ternion days (regular employment)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (three stand by) use mostly days (regular to)
1	Im able to celebrate my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to 3 days (even use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (aside mostly stand by) to three most days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my a on for about days week (mostly stand by) to three phone (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on generally for about a week (mostly along stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about week (mostly stand by) days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for a week (mostly stand by) to days ( use)
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and passably acceptable, tranquilize also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also distortions little with. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, with also quiet little distortions. 
1	satisfactory Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio sound is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and acceptable, quiet with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono fairly, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, lull also with short distortions. 
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	hush , i was unforced to overlook those things as this unit seem sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	still , i was myriad to overlook those things as this unit looks a and has sleek willing of features ! 
1	still , i wait was willing to overlook those angstrom things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	still , i was willing to overlook those adenine things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of motionless features ! 
1	things , of was willing to overlook those still as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad i features ! 
1	still , i was willing to overlook those affair as this unit expression sleek and has a innumerable of features ! 
1	still , was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks has a myriad of features ! 
1	still , i to those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
1	despite this child disappointment , i highly recommend the canyon g3 anyone who is grave about digital photography . 
1	scorn this kid disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is grievous about digital photography . 
1	despite this g3 disappointment , i about recommend the canon minor anyone who is serious highly digital photography . 
1	despite is minor disappointment , i canon recommend the highly g3 anyone who this serious about digital photography . 
1	despite canyon this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about WHO digital photography . 
1	despite minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon anyone who is about digital photography . 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i be highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who advocate is serious about digital photography . 
1	despite this , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about photography . 
1	the software is great . 
1	the great is software . 
1	the is software great . 
1	the constitute software is great . 
1	the software great . 
1	software is great . 
1	the software is dandy . 
1	the package software is great . 
1	the software is bully . 
0	Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad ace had to to habituate a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm commit it 4, not quintuplet lead).
0	I'm so was bad I had to to use a hammer to is it (and this free why Mine giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad 4 had use to to a hammer to free it (and this is 5 I'm giving it I, not why stars).
0	Mine was so I had to a to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5).
0	Mine was hence so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it cause 4, not quadruplet 5 stars).
0	Mine was so follow bad I had to to use foursome a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it IT 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine so bad I had to to a hammer to (and this is why I'm giving 4, not 5 stars).
0	Mine was so bad single had to to employment a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm hand it IV, not v stars).
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound character which is truly nonplus -- far good than my Sony mini-disc histrion.  
1	it's a capital looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound calibre which is truly amazing -- far respectable than my Sony mini-disc musician.  
1	it's a great looking, but device easy-to-use it's the sound better which is truly amazing -- far quality than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a twist great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc FAR player.  
1	a great looking, easy-to-use device the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	a great looking, easy-to-use but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- better my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a amp great looking, easy-to-use device but ALIR it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device than it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better but my mini-disc Sony player.  
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My old Sony has T610 Ericsson this feature.
0	My old sport Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this sport.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this characteristic.
0	My old possess Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 this feature.
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 feature this has.
0	My old Sony T610 has this feature.
1	It doesn't bog down under load.
1	It doesn't bog down under.
1	It doesn't bog down under dilute.
1	It doesn't payload bog down under load.
1	It doesn't bog down under lode.
1	It doesn't IT bog down under load.
1	It doesn't bog down load.
1	It doesn't load down under bog.
1	It doesn't bog down load under.
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the song live at all , or skip wildly , no OR matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	would either not play the song at , or skip wildly , no matter the unit resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip desk , no matter my the unit was resting on that wildly . 
0	it would either not manoeuvre the song at all , or hop-skip wildly , no count that the unit was perch on my desk . 
0	it would either the song at all , skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my . 
0	it would either not play the song was all , no skip wildly , or matter that the unit at resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no non matter that the unit was resting on non my desk . 
0	it would either not turn the Song at all , or vamoose wildly , no matter that the unit was repose on my desk . 
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to return merchandise the remote on this product because recurrence it appeared to be defective . 
0	i live had to return the remote inhabit on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to return the remote on this because to be defective . 
0	i had to takings the outside on this product because it look to be defective . 
0	i remote to this the had on return product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i remote to return the had on this to because it appeared product be defective . 
0	i had to issue the remote on this intersection because it appeared to be faulty . 
0	i had to the on this product because it appeared be defective . 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery spirit keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will throw you up to twelve hours of swordplay time, per burster. 
1	 Battery life celebrate improving on the iPod, and a newfangled iPod will make you up to twelve hours of play time, per buck. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you to of time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the lifespan iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours axerophthol of play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to animation twelve hours of hour play time, per charge. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving on iPod, and a new iPod give you up to twelve of play time, per. 
1	 Battery life keeps improving twelve the iPod, and a new iPod time give you up to on hours of play will, per charge. 
1	 play life keeps improving on the iPod, hours a new iPod will give you up to twelve and of Battery time, per charge. 
1	 It 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud and the quality good .
1	 It 's loudly and the quality is good .
1	 It 'sulfur s loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud and is quality the good .
1	 It 'caliber s loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud is the quality and good .
1	 IT 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 It 's loud the quality is good .
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best from ever . camera the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	almost camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say best everything . 
1	best camera ever . secure from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , color , operate , i can say well-nigh everything . 
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , ace color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	best ever . from the image quality , color , , i can say almost everything . 
1	best ever . from the quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
1	comfortably camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can state almost everything . 
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
0	This time, Hope it started the uninstallation process, then I left for summons work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation unity process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I iodine hope it will work.
0	This time, started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. it will.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation it, then for left I work. I think it will work. I hope process will work.
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for forge. I think it will play. I promise it will process.
0	This sentence, it started the uninstallation process, then I leftfield for work. I think it will form. I hope it will sour.
0	This time, it the uninstallation, then I left for work. I think will work. I hope it will.
0	then time, it started the uninstallation process, This I left for work. I it it will work. I hope think will work.
1	We have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	We have been cause using champion our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	We have been our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and very happy with it.
1	We have using our Diaper Champ for almost months now and we very happy with it.
1	We have been habituate our nappy Champ for virtually 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	We month have been using our Diaper Champ for almost follow 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	for have now using our Diaper Champ We almost 14 months been and we are very happy with it.
1	We have been habituate our Diaper Champ for about xiv months now and we are very happy with it.
1	months have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 We now and happy are very we with it.
0	 You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
0	 You can not decent mid-range or bass at levels without inaccurate booming the woofer no matter you tweak the levels .
0	 not can from get decent mid-range or how at lower levels without inaccurate booming You the sub woofer no matter bass you tweak the levels .
0	 You can not arrive decent mid-range or bass at dispirited levels without inaccurate nail from the hero woofer no matter how you fine-tune the levels .
0	 You can not catch decent mid-range or bass at lower stage without inaccurate roaring from the sub woofer no count how you tweak the even .
0	 Oregon You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub topic woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
0	 You can not get decent lower at bass or mid-range levels the inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak without levels .
0	 You can not get mid-range or bass at levels inaccurate booming from sub woofer no matter you tweak the levels .
0	 You At can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming topic from the sub pinch woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	For the price, I am considering just a backup purchasing to have as a spare.
1	the, I considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	For excess the price, I am considering surplus purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	For the price, I am purchasing a spare just to as backup.
1	For the price, I am view purchasing a free just to have as a stand-in.
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare backup to a as have just.
1	For the price, I am considering suffer purchasing a buying spare just to have as a backup.
1	For the Price, I am see purchasing a unornamented just to have as a backup.
1	This one has a good looking.
1	looking one has a good This.
1	This face one has a good looking.
1	This one has good a looking.
1	This one a good looking.
1	This one has a looking.
1	This one has a good wait.
1	This one has a thoroughly looking.
1	This one has a good unrivalled looking.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful can screen which color not been scratched at even all with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge color which can not scratched at all even the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which derriere can not been scratched canful at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been fray at all even with the approximate palm i hold it.
1	amp huge beautiful discolor riddle which can not been scratched at all even with the raspy handling i give it.
1	A huge eve beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with colour the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge at color rough which can not been scratched with all even beautiful the screen handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful which can not been scratched all even the rough handling i give it.
0	they are not wowable good . 
0	they are not wowable . 
0	they are not wowable respectable . 
0	they are not wowable embody good . 
0	they are not wowable adept . 
0	wowable are not they good . 
0	not are they wowable good . 
0	are not wowable good . 
0	they are not wowable commodity good . 
1	you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you can also delegate special rings and graphics to special people when they bid . 
1	you can also assign special resound and graphics to special people when they bid . 
1	peculiar you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you also assign special rings and graphics to special people when call . 
1	rings can also assign special you and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people they . 
1	you can also assign special rings and special to graphics people when they call . 
1	tush you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. encounter Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy Color on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games on it coloring with GoBoy.
1	on. Play Gameboy Color games 6 it with GoBoy.
1	6. meet Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	Gameboy. Play 6 Color games on it with GoBoy.
1	6. Play Gameboy Color along games on it with GoBoy.
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after sestet the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to S do scram it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for trinity months and have been able to determine a number of half-dozen dvd 's , after the defeat and aggrivation of puzzle the player to do it 's job . 
0	total had have this player for 3 months and have 6 able to see a i of been dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have been to a total of 6 dvd 's , after the and aggrivation getting the player do it 's . 
0	i have had this player for three months and have been capable to date a total of 6 dvd 's , after the thwarting and aggrivation of bewilder the player to do it 's chore . 
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have number been able to see a total month of 6 dvd 's , after the capable frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	i have had this player for months and have able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration aggrivation of getting player to do ' job . 
0	have have had this player for 3 months to i been able player see a total of 6 dvd 's , aggrivation the frustration and after of getting the and to do it 's job . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included Lens crest is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the lens is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the one included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens detonator is very slack on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap camera very loose on the is . 
0	loose ) the included lens cap is very 1 on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens is very loose on the . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the lense camera . 
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb.0 - very fast 
1	2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very dissipated 
1	zero usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very dissolute 
1	usb 2.0 - very rattling fast 
1	usb 2.very - 0 fast 
1	usb 0.2 - very fast 
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased as phone knowing it was slightly old this compared phones the newer models of Nokia to available.
0	I purchased this headphone recognize it was slightly old as compared to the newer simulation of Nokia phones available.
0	I compare purchased this phone knowing it was comparability slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was equally slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones new available.
0	I purchased phones phone knowing it was slightly old this compared to the newer models of Nokia as available.
0	I purchased this phone cognise it was slightly erstwhile as compared to the New models of Nokia phones available.
0	I this phone knowing it slightly old compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly as compared to the models of Nokia phones.
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will remote better coverage in more States areas of The many but still operates in provide countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide ameliorate coverage in more remote areas of The tell but notwithstanding operates in many nation, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote orbit areas of The States but still operates in many just countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of land The States but still operates in many countries, excluding merely New Zealand and Australia.
1	The will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States still operates in many, excluding New Zealand Australia.
1	The latter will provide break coverage in more remote areas of The States but inactive function in many countries, shut New Zealand and Australia.
1	still latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but The operates in many excluding, countries New Zealand and Australia.
1	The latter better coverage in more remote areas of The States but operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and.
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only oversensitive slightly. 
0	The touch is pad over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	touch pad over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The adjoin pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only somewhat oversensitive. 
0	The feeling bolster is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	just The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch is over-sensitive, is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is cost over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
1	i highly recommend it . 
1	i highly commend recommend it . 
1	highly i recommend it . 
1	i extremely recommend it . 
1	i IT highly recommend it . 
1	i highly recommend . 
1	i highly it recommend . 
1	i highly urge it . 
1	i highly it . 
1	Pick your favorite color and buy it.      
1	your favorite color and buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite color bargain and buy it.      
1	Pick your it color and buy favorite.      
1	Pick your favorite it and buy color.      
1	Pick your favorite discolor and buy it.      
1	Pick your favorite colouration and buy it.      
1	Pick your ducky favorite color and buy it.      
1	Pick favorite color and buy it.      
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a sub .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used sub with a along .
1	 are clears and perfect to used along with a sub .
1	 They are and to be used along with a sub .
1	 They are clears assoil and perfect to be used along with a sub .
1	 They are assoil and perfect to be used on with a sub .
1	 They with clears and perfect to be used along are a sub .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a expend sub .
1	 They are clears and hone to be utilise along with a sub .
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend buy the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at domain the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this amp ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon buy it is a bargain.
1	Can recommend Hitachi in ergonomic arena -- at the quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	buttocks commend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on amazon it is a bargain.
1	tooshie recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic stadium -- at the price cite on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	is recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it a Can bargain.
1	Can recommend the Amazon in this ergonomic arena -- at the is quoted on Hitachi it price a bargain.
1	recommend Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon is a bargain.
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
0	Secondly, in to you the lag each time it's give a command, addition just not that easily useable on the go.
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give, it's just that useable on the go.
0	Secondly, well in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on meter the go.
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you render a mastery, it's just not that easily operational on the run.
0	Secondly, in addition to the a each time you easily lag command, it's just not that give useable on the go.
0	Secondly, inch in addition to the lag well each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
0	second, in addition to the lag each clock you spring a command, it's just not that easily useable on the offer.
0	, addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not easily on the go.
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , atrocious not difficult to use or surgery horrible . 
1	as often mention , the scroll tab is middling , nevertheless , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the mediocre scroll tab is observe average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often , the scroll tab is average , , not difficult to use or . 
1	as , the scroll tab is average , , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as much cite , the scroll tab is average , however , not unmanageable to use or horrible . 
1	as not mentioned , the scroll tab to average , however , often difficult is use or horrible . 
1	as the mentioned , often difficult tab is average , however , not scroll to use or horrible . 
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so out ... I definately recommend it anyone to sad there .
0	 <p> It 's not on weight ... so sad ... recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <slant p> It 's not lite on weight ... IT so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <it> It 's not lite on so ... weight sad ... I definately recommend p to anyone out there .
0	 <P> It 's not calorie-free on weight ... so sad ... iodin definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not calorie-free on weight ... so sad ... iodin definately advocate it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> burthen It 's not lite on non weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend to anyone out .
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the important thing, then camera ist notch and very. 
1	most the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the When important thing, then notch ist camera top this and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, and, natural looking most the pictures) is the of important thing, then this camera ist very notch details top impressive. 
1	When the overall trope quality (especially natural colorise, details, lifelike wait of the fancy) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	detail When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the virtually most important thing, then about this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural born looking of distort the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and particularly very impressive. 
1	When the image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking the) is most important thing, then this ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall range tone (especially rude colours, details, natural looking of the flick) is the most important thing, then this camera ist peak notch and very impressive. 
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This all a MUST HAVE product for is new moms!
1	This is a MUST product for all moms!
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all newly mammy!
1	This is a MUST get product for all newfangled moms!
1	This is MUST HAVE product for all moms!
1	This is a MUST HAVE production product for all new moms!
1	This mustiness is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST all product for HAVE new moms!
1	It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It with well works my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	works well with my VOIP adapter, which also a Linksys. 
1	It process comfortably with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It works well with my adapter, is also a Linksys. 
1	It works well also my VOIP adapter, which is with a Linksys. 
1	It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also advantageously a Linksys. 
1	It works adenine well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	It sour substantially with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio format: defend both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio And: supports both MP3, WMA... Formats yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio arrange: support both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio Formats: supports, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, too WAV.  
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV audio too.  
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... arrange And yeah, WAV too.  
1	- Audio Formats: both MP3,... And yeah, WAV too.  
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	terms , along with the replaceable battery ( which i infer apple saddle a small fortune to replace - as well as the harry of recall it ) were the ii main factors on why i peck the nomad . 
1	the , along with the small battery ( which i understand apple charges on replaceable fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of two it ) were price returning main factors a why i picked the nomad . 
1	, along the battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) two main on why picked the nomad . 
1	small , along with the replaceable of ( which i understand apple charges a price fortune to replace - as on as were hassle battery returning it ) the the two main factors well why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along the replaceable battery ( which understand charges a fortune to replace - as well the hassle of returning it ) were the main on why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple beset charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the chivvy hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on a why i picked the comprise nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple guardianship a pocket-sized fortune to supersede - as well as the hassle of rejoin it ) were the ii master element on why i picked the nomad . 
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple molest charges a small fortune to replace - amp as supercede well as the hassle of returning it ) were generate the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
1	 As of this review I am using the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 As using and review I am of the router this it is working very nicely .
1	 As of this review utilize I am using the real router and it is working very nicely .
1	 as of this retrospect I am use the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 As of using review I am this the it and router is working very nicely .
1	 arsenic of this review iodine am apply the router and it is working very nicely .
1	 of this review I am using the router and it is nicely .
1	 As of IT this review I am using the router and brushup it is working very nicely .
1	 As of this review am router and it is working very nicely .
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
1	The installation, and, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive set-up the email spam component works well.
1	The installation, part set-up, and operating interfaces factor are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and run interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam ingredient mould well.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized Spam and intuitive and the email spam component fountainhead works well.
1	The installation, set-up, operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive the email spam component works.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are fountainhead coordinate and intuitive and the email spam component shape well.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating are well organized and intuitive and the component works well.
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and works email component spam the well.
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and big difference .
1	 Music sounds and but having surround sound difference game is nice great a big in from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in halting game throw is nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	 medicine sounds great but having environment sound in game is nice and a vauntingly difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround vocalise in game is Nice and a big deviation from headphones .
1	 Music sounds sound and having surround great in game is nice but a big difference from headphones .
1	 Music great but having surround sound in game nice and a difference from headphones .
1	 Music sounds headphone great but having surround sound in game is nice and merely a big difference from headphones .
1	i simply love this feature . 
1	i simply love only this feature . 
1	i only love this feature . 
1	i simply feature this love . 
1	i but love this feature . 
1	i love this feature . 
1	simply love this feature . 
1	simply i love this feature . 
1	i simply love this sport feature . 
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, right, you are getting a router worth $40 less a Makita.
0	If you opine you are economy $40 vex the Hitachi, you are correct, and you are also take a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you are $40 getting the, you are right, and you are also router worth $ less than a Makita.
0	If you consider you are saving $40 beat the Hitachi, you are ripe, and you are also sire a router worth $XL less than a Makita.
0	If you think you than Hitachi $40 getting the saving, you are a, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less are right Makita.
0	If you think you are saving $forty 40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you veracious are also getting a router worth $40 less cost than a Makita.
0	If you think you are saving $router worth the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting 40 40 getting $a less than a Makita.
0	If drive you think you are saving $40 getting twoscore the Hitachi, you are right, and you LE are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you subscribe to services than. 
1	Transferring music a breeze. I don't to music services, but as mentioned on reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services than. 
1	Transferring than is don't breeze. I iTunes subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER music a. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. as don't subscribe mentioned music services, but I services on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to to OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring A music is a allow breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to amp services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring AS music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, pledge but as mentioned on other reviews, review Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. one don't subscribe to music services, but as note on other recap, Micro leave you to subscribe to Service OTHER than iTunes. 
1	Transferring music is a cinch. single don't subscribe to music services, but as advert on other follow-up, Micro tolerate you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	It's oval and... nice.
1	It's oval-shaped and... nice.
1	It's nice and... oval.
1	ellipse It's oval and... nice.
1	It's oval and... dainty nice.
1	It's oval and... decent.
1	It's oval... nice.
1	It's and oval... nice.
1	It's and... nice.
0	I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	I did and it was worse second time around...unbelievable.
0	I it and it was the second time around...unbelievable.
0	big I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	it did it and I was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and it was speculative the 2nd time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it incredible and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	iodin did it and it was worse the indorse time around...unbelievable.
0	I did it and second was worse the it time around...unbelievable.
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	looking for a 3hp router, the Hitachi is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your bet to your budget.
1	the you're looking for router 3hp plunge a, If Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're see for a 3hp dump router, the Hitachi M12V is your good bet to extend your equipment budget.
1	If ampere you're count looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're looking for Hitachi 3hp plunge router, the a M12V is your bet best to stretch your equipment budget.
1	If you're depend for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your good stake to stretchability your equipment budget.
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 see total the LCD went black except for the icon screening the settings. 
0	After total the LCD went black except for the icons showing settings. 
0	After black pictures total 57 LCD went the except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went impression black except for the icons showing the circumstance settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except settings the icons the showing for. 
0	57 pictures total the LCD went black except the icons showing settings. 
0	After 57 pictures scene total the LCD scene went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 visualise total the LCD blend blackened except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing to don't like is that some of the features seconds 1-2 take I load up. 
0	Another thing don't is some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing i don't care is that some of the features exact 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another affair thing I don't like is mo that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the another features take 1-2 seconds to load make up. 
0	Another thing I don't the of that some is like features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the boast rent 1-2 minute to load up. 
0	thing I don't like is that some of the features take seconds to load. 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very well-defined . 
0	not talking the voice is when very clear . 
0	when be talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear-cut . 
0	when talking the voice is not clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very brighten clear . 
0	when talking the voice clear not very is . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it ' light weight enough take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get pix . 
1	s 'it light powerful enough to take with you everywhere , but weight enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light powerful enough everywhere take with you to , but weight enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight only enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough arrive to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's tripping weight enough to strike with you everywhere , but powerful enough to mystify outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you , but powerful enough to get . 
1	it 's illumination weight enough to deal with you everywhere , but sinewy enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's merely light weight enough to take with you everywhere , mho but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription be files are still a little slower to transfer, but niggling it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are transfer a little slower but still, to it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still little slower to transfer, but it's only about% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still little to transfer, but it's only by about% or so.  
0	The subscription files are static a little dense to channelise, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are tranquillise a lilliputian slower to channelise, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription tenner files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% small or so.  
0	to subscription files are still a 10 slower The transfer, but it's only by about little% or so.  
1	in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in true nokia style , the telephone is dim-witted to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little roast is as indestructible as other nokias i have have . 
1	in true nokia manner , the earpiece is round-eyed to manipulation and despite its delicate appearance , this little bozo is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	in nokia , phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as as other nokias i owned . 
1	in true nokia style , the phone is blackguard simple to use and ingest despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have live owned . 
1	in true nokia style , trivial the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is IT as durable as other nokias i get have owned . 
1	in true i style , the phone is simple to guy nokia despite its delicate appearance , this little use is as durable as other nokias and have owned . 
1	in true nokia style , the phone have simple to as and despite its use appearance , this little guy is delicate durable as other nokias i is owned . 
1	in true nokia style , phone is simple use and despite its delicate appearance , this guy is as durable as nokias i owned . 
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
0	 with last note , I than this monitor One a higher price purchased what you can get in the states .
0	 unrivalled last note , I purchased this varan with a higher price than what you can arrive in the states .
0	 One last note , purchased this monitor with a higher price than what can in the states .
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor one with a higher price than gamy what you can get in the states .
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with become a higher price than what eminent you can get in the states .
0	 One note , purchased this monitor with a higher price than you can get in the states .
0	 One last what , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than states you can get in the note .
0	 One last note , iodin purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can acquire in the nation .
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "5" last about movies seconds.
0	The "movies" live about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" close about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" instant last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last picture about 5 seconds.
0	movies "The" last about 5 seconds.
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT tons good bass .
1	 Bottom line these for the price , is things sound GREAT and have good of tons bass .
1	 bottomland line is for the Price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of undecomposed bass .
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT have of good .
1	 buns ancestry is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of dependable bass .
1	 Bottom line is for heaps the price , these things scores sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	 sound line is for the price , these things Bottom GREAT good have tons of and bass .
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have voice tons of tail good bass .
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great level degree of newly control.
1	trinity) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias leave you a great degree of ensure.
1	trio) The joystick intent they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of assure.
1	3) control are design they joystick using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of The.
1	3) the joystick design a are using on The new Nokias gives you they great degree of control.
1	3) The joystick design are using on the new Nokias you great degree of control.
1	3) The joystick design are using on the Nokias gives you a degree of control.
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new invention Nokias gives you a great degree ternion of control.
1	 Absolutely love it and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and cant amaze the price !
1	 Absolutely love slang it and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely beat it and cant love the price !
1	 Absolutely the it and cant beat love price !
1	 Absolutely love it Price and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely love it and cant gravel the price !
1	 Absolutely love and cant beat the price !
1	 Absolutely it and cant beat the price !
0	always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	carried in a case in by briefcase but one the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always carried it in only a case in simply by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always carried it in a in by briefcase but one day the hard just . 
0	always take it in a character in by briefcase but one day the concentrated drive just zapped . 
0	always carried it in unmatched a case only in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
0	always sway it in a subject in by briefcase but one day the toilsome drive just zapped . 
0	always carried case in a it in by briefcase but one day hard the drive just zapped . 
0	always carried one in a case in by briefcase the it day but hard drive just zapped . 
1	The best part about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	DHCP best part about this router is now I have a The server. 
1	The best waiter part about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The best part about this router I have a DHCP server. 
1	The best part router this about is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The best forthwith part about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
1	The substantially part about this router is now 1 have a DHCP server. 
1	The best voice about this router is now I have a DHCP waiter. 
1	best part about this router is now I have a server. 
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 follow prepared for a recollective waitress -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be fain for a farseeing hold -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be prepared for minutes 30-45 wait -LRB- long a -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , hr but the hour wait was worth it .
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , was the wait it worth but .
0	 Be prepared for a long -LRB- minutes - , but the wait was worth it .
0	 Be prepared a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , the wait was worth .
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -simply RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
1	 You ca n't go wrong with these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small package !
1	 what ca n't go wrong with these if package You are looking for is a good sound in a small you !
1	 You ca n't spell wrong with these if what you are looking for is a adept go in a little package !
1	 You ca n't go wrong with these if what you Ca are looking for is a good sound in a small calcium package !
1	 You n't go wrong with if you are looking for is a good sound in a package !
1	 You ca n't go wrong with these if what wrongly you are looking for is a good sound personify in a small package !
1	 You ca n't wrong if what you are looking for a good sound in a small package !
1	 You ca n't go package if these with what you are looking for is a good sound in a small wrong !
1	 You ca n't lead wrong with these if what you are await for is a well levelheaded in a small package !
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I is the best thing I-Pod have ever used. 
1	The is the best thing I ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the upright thing I have always used. 
1	The I-Pod is the best thing have I ever used. 
1	The matter I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have better ever used. 
1	The I-Pod the best thing I ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the salutary thing unity have ever used. 
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
0	site new drivers on cannon's The do not help at all made try them if you want they have but me use to have the backup software.
0	The new drivers cannon's site do at all but them if you want they have made me have to use the backup.
0	The new drivers cannon's not help at all but try them if want they have me have to use the backup software.
0	The new drivers At on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me astatine have to use package the backup software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's situation do not avail at all but try them if you want they have have me have to exercise the stand-in software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's assistance site do not help along at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use adjudicate the backup software.
0	The fresh drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but judge them if you deficiency they have gain me have to use the relief software.
0	The new drivers on cannon's have the not help at all try but them if you want they have made me site to use do backup software.
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
0	in fact , each cause of my creative mp3 players had software possess problem in the first place . 
0	in fact , each of my creative players software in the first place . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 musician had software problem in the outset pose . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 player had software problem in the 1st localise . 
0	in fact , each of originative my creative mp3 players had software problem have in the first place . 
0	in first , each of my creative mp3 players had software place in the fact problem . 
0	in place , each the my creative mp3 players had software problem in of first fact . 
0	in fact , each of creative mp3 players had software in first place . 
0	Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
0	Now will smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period all of them!
0	Now it will start smelling reek if widen you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
0	Now it will start smelling if you leave it with it in diapers all an extended period but for of them will!
0	Now it start smelling if you leave it with diapers in an extended period all of them will!
0	Now it will commencement redolent if you give it with diapers in it for an broaden period but all of them will!
0	now it will scratch smelling if you leave-taking it with diapers in it for an lengthy period but all of them will!
0	Now it will start smelling if you volition leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but IT all of them will!
0	Now it will start an if diapers leave it with you in it for smelling extended period but all of them will!
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest ever had phone i . 
1	i just purchased phone and i think is the coolest phone ever had . 
1	i just buy this sound and i recall this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this phone equitable and i think this is the coolest earphone phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this sound and i imagine this is the coolest call i ever had . 
1	i just this phone and i think is the coolest phone i ever . 
1	i just purchased own this phone and i think stimulate this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased is phone and i think this this the coolest had i ever phone . 
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We usage use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We use regular kitchen sized bags.
1	We use regular sized kitchen garbage bags.
1	We use kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We utilization regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We use udder regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	use We regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	We habituate regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since arrest the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and well-endowed it with the WRT54G router and it function fantastic!!! 
1	I've since bring the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and full-bosomed it with the WRT54G router and it wreak fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works knead fantastic!!! 
1	I've it gotten the works Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked since with the WRT54G router and it Linksys fantastic!!! 
1	I've since the Linksys Modem () and stacked with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked the router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've Linksys gotten the and Modem (BEFCMU10) since stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (IT BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the pile WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If always you on the other hand always use merely automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best A automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If you on the and hand always use automatic the (other not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some have settings best automatic settings I of ever seen.
1	If other hand always use automatic settings (and not) you should just fine, the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	If you on the other deal ever apply automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the trump automatic settings ace have ever watch.
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as attend the camera features some of the best ace automatic settings I have ever check seen.
1	If you the other hand always use automatic settings (and manual) be just, as the camera features some of the best settings I have ever seen.
1	If you on just other hand always I automatic settings (and not manual) you should be the fine, camera the as features some of the best automatic settings use have ever seen.
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic background (and not manual) you should be just OK, as the camera lineament some of the expert machinelike settings I have ever look.
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door transgress broke after a month . 
0	broke door after a month . 
0	door pause after a month . 
0	month broke after a door . 
0	door bump after a month . 
0	door broke after a . 
0	door broke a month . 
0	soften door broke after a month . 
1	 I highly recomend theese speakers .
1	 I highly recomend theese talker .
1	 I highly recomend speakers .
1	 I highly recomend theese extremely speakers .
1	 I highly ace recomend theese speakers .
1	 highly recomend theese speakers .
1	 I highly recomend speakers theese .
1	 recomend highly I theese speakers .
1	 one highly recomend theese speakers .
1	first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first of all , my calls were loud and entirely clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	loud of all , my calls were first and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first of all , my name were cheap and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first all , my were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	initiatory of all , my holler were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	first of all , my calls were loud and clear , completely unlike with sprint . 
1	first of all , my calls unlike loud and clear , were with sprint . 
1	of all , my calls were and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	heavy motor and continuously speed control let this churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable control let this router churn through everything I threw.
1	threw heavy motor and continuously control speed variable let this router churn through everything I The at it.
1	The heavy motor and churn variable speed control let this threw continuously through everything I router at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously manipulate variable speed control let this router churn through everything I lease threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed dominance have this router churn through everything I have at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable hasten control let this router boil through everything I bedevil at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw roil at sound it.
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this thing for a , it quite well , dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this thing up less than month a , treated it quite for , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed well . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a well , all it quite month , up dropped it , and the headphone jack is treated screwed never . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , deal it quite easily , never sink it , and the earpiece knave is all screwed up . 
0	i ' had this for less than month , treated it quite well , never it , and the headphone jack is all screwed . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , process it rather easily , never throw it , and the headphone laborer is all screwed up . 
0	i 'expend ve had this thing for less than affair a month , treated it quite well , never throw dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had upwardly this rather thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone cheat jack is all screwed up . 
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep IT it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in thus my pocket because it is deflower so durable.
1	it is so small am able keep it in my pocket, I don't have fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it so durable.
1	it is so small to I am able to my it in my I, and pocket don't have that fear that it will get ruined in keep pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is small I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I have to fear that it will ruined in my pocket because it so.
1	it is so small that I am able to preserve it in my pocket, and I don't have to concern that it will sustain finished in my sac because it is so undestroyable.
1	it that small so that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear is it will get ruined pocket my in because it is so durable.
1	it is so small that ane am able to donjon it in my pocket, and i don't have to reverence that it will baffle ruined in my pocket because it is so lasting.
1	it is so small that I displace am able to keep it in feature my pocket, and sack I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from amphetamine, the signal is consistent and mold without interruptions, etc. 
1	from, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, logical etc. 
1	Apart from speed, is signal the consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal without consistent and works is interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, uniform etc. 
1	from speed, signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from race, the signal is consistent and knead without interruptions, etc. 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra fare rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash practise my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , spillway but does n't wash practise my car . 
1	the 30gb wash xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but zen n't does my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rock'n'roll my bash , release my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	the 30gb zen rocks my socks , my beer , but does wash my car . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks spills socks , does my beer , but my n't wash my car . 
1	30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills beer , but does n't wash my . 
1	the 30gb Elvis xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't laundry my auto . 
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works habit great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and bags regular uses.
1	workings great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular bag.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular aroma bags.
1	great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular.
1	Works and, no odor, great uses regular bags.
1	Its compact and has rounded edges. 
1	Its compact and press has rounded edges. 
1	Its compact and rounded has edges. 
1	Its compact sharpness and has rounded edges. 
1	compact Its and has rounded edges. 
1	Its compact and has rounded. 
1	Its compact and has rounded boundary. 
1	Its and has rounded edges. 
1	Its press and has rounded edges. 
0	The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The scan scandisk would appear due to manual hr and would only MS to the 2nd bar, over 1 over(up to and shutdown, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and only scan bar, over and over(up 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The MS scandisk would appear due ascribable to manual shutdown saloon and would only scan to ane the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The chiliad scandisk would appear due to manual closure and would only scan to the 2nd blockade, over and over(up to 1 hour, single then shut it down and apply GOBACK).
0	The MS scandisk would appear to manual shutdown only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, then it down and used).
0	The MS scandisk would unopen appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(closed up to 1 hr, seem I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	The M scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd ginmill, over and over(up to single hr, ace then exclude it down and practice GOBACK).
0	The MS would would appear due to manual shutdown and 2nd only GOBACK to the scandisk bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down used and scan).
1	loved the slim design . 
1	hump loved the slim design . 
1	loved the slim conception design . 
1	the slim design . 
1	loved the slender design . 
1	loved slim design . 
1	bang the slim design . 
1	loved design slim the . 
1	the loved slim design . 
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a speakers . 
1	the player works 202 with my sony srs-a well powered speakers . 
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered fountainhead speakers . 
1	the player well works with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a power 202 powered speakers . 
1	the instrumentalist go well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player works my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	the player go comfortably with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works well, it took me than a to get the hang of it, and I like it better than having click buttons or fiddle a control.  
1	The sort is assoil and readable, and the touch pad work very well, it take me less than a day to contract the advert of it, and now I corresponding it full than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
1	The screen with clear and I, and it touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of the, and better readable like it now than having to click buttons or fiddle is a separate volume control.  
1	The screen IT is clear and loudness readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang OR of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle launchpad with a separate volume control.  
1	The is clear readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took less than a day to get the hang it, and now I like it better than to click buttons fiddle with volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang sack of it, and now I like substantially it ilk better than having to click buttons or fiddle with goldbrick a separate volume control.  
1	The screen is clear and readable, and to touch pad works very a, it took me less than a day to get the hang fiddle it, and now I like it better than click the having buttons or of with well separate volume control.  
1	The screenland is discharge and readable, and the tinge pad works very well, it accept me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now iodin like it right than having to click buttons or fiddle with a classify volume contain.  
1	The panorama modes are wonderful.
1	The panorama modes are wondrous.
1	The panorama modes wonderful.
1	The panorama modes are.
1	The panorama modes be are wonderful.
1	The panorama wonderful are modes.
1	are panorama modes The wonderful.
1	The panorama mode are wonderful.
1	The vista panorama modes are wonderful.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In short, the only Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In unforesightful, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a gyration.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 constitute is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In short, Nokia 6600 is an evolution not a revolution.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution revolution not a but.
1	short, the 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In short, but Nokia 6600 is an evolution the not a revolution.
1	inward poor, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really it, easy to use, great images, intuitive, fits my jacket pocket.
1	Really like great, my to use, it images, very intuitive, fits in easy jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to neat use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my In jacket pocket.
1	images like it, easy to use, great Really, in intuitive, fits very my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy use, great, very intuitive, fits in jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, well-off to use, great project, very intuitive, scene in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great pouch images, expend very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, prosperous to use, bang-up images, very intuitive, correspond in my jacket pocket.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	lasted first one The about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of profound apply.
1	The first one laboured lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about years of heavy.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years class of heavy use.
1	The first matchless endure about 6 years of heavy use.
1	first one lasted about years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of use heavy.
1	Your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your of choice ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of in colors ten a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of ten emblazon in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of ten colors in a package.  
1	Your choice of ten colors in coloring a beatiful package.  
1	choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of ten colour in a beatiful package.  
1	Your choice of ten colors in box a beatiful package.  
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the the bang for best buck . 
1	compared everything in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the dependable belt for the dollar . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this for most the the best bang is definately buck . 
1	equate to everything else in this category , this is most definately the practiced bang for the dollar . 
1	compared to everything else in this , this is most best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this family is most family definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	family compared to everything else in compare this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when pay $ 100 + for a and it does work as it is supposed straight out of the !
0	 Its pesky when you remuneration $ 100 + for a router and it does n't wreak as it is alleged straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying box you pay $ 100 + for a as and it does n't work router it is supposed straight out of the when !
0	 Its annoying when axerophthol you pay $ 100 + for loge a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its vexing when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't forge as it is hypothesise heterosexual out of the box !
0	 annoying when $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + box a work and it does n't router as it is supposed straight out of the for !
0	 Its annoying when suppositious you pay $ 100 + for a router and it angstrom does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not as a for and there is no firmware update support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP not work as repeater for DI-624S and there is no update to support product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as for repeater a DI-624S and there is no support update to firmware this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as a update for DI-624S product there is no firmware repeater to support this and .
1	 My DWL-2100AP microcode does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to nobelium support this product .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not process as a recidivist for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to indorse this ware .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not exercise as a recidivist for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to subscribe this ware .
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work recidivist as a repeater for DI-624S recidivist and there is no firmware update to support this product .
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox additional hard disk , so allows you to simply drag and drop files from explorer to a folder for nomad . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes transpose the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer merely to a charge folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and files from windows to a for the . 
1	explorer files windows transfer - windows recognizes the jukebox through an additional hard disk , so it allows you to to drag and drop as from windows explorer simply a folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes tolerate the jukebox as an IE additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer adventurer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the disk and for additional hard jukebox , so it allows you to simply drag as drop files from windows explorer to a folder an the nomad . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows discern the jukebox as an additional surd disk , so it allows you to plainly drag and fell file from windows adventurer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	change through windows IE - windows spot the jukebox as an additional arduous disc , so it allows you to plainly drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	and so far , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been very iodine pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been pleased . 
1	and so far , i ' been very pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been very please . 
1	and so ALIR , i 've been very pleased . 
1	and so far , i 've been real very pleased . 
1	i so far , and 've been very pleased . 
1	and so i , far 've been very pleased . 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	rattling just want a wireless router IT for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless or for home router small very your business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for home or small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here it. 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, can just get a WRT54G here and. 
1	just want a wireless router for household or your very low byplay, you can just flummox a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a or router for home wireless your and small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here very configure it. 
1	just neediness a radiocommunication router for interior or your very small business, you can just flummox a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, hither you can just get a WRT54G amp from here and configure it. 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
0	is a little cumbersome to scroll through many levels to get to the you want . 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many layer to contract to the selection you desire . 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels comprise to get to let the selection you want . 
0	it is a lilliputian cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to fetch to the selection you wishing . 
0	it is a little live cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to populate get to the selection you want . 
0	it is a little want to scroll through so many levels to get selection the to you cumbersome . 
0	it want levels little cumbersome to scroll through so many a to get to the selection you is . 
0	is a little cumbersome to through so many to get to the selection you want . 
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 I ' very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 unity 'm not very felicitous with this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine felicitous or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with machine this or Acer .
0	 I ' not happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 i 'm not very felicitous with this machine or Acer .
0	 identical I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not or happy with this machine very Acer .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 not internal network still functioned , but it would The the through the internet signal from pass cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass web through the internet signal from the cable non modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but go it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable nonetheless modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would pass through the signal from the modem .
0	 The internal net however functioned , but it would not qualifying through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network quieten functioned , but it would not spend through the internet bespeak from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but from through not pass would the internet signal it the cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would pass through internet from the cable modem .
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life-time.
0	The only disappointment so ALIR has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so has been battery life.
0	only The disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far FAR has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has hold been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been life.
0	The only disappointment so far has life battery been.
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love anyways it . 
1	anyway , this player is a deal great and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal i really it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great hand and i really dearest it . 
1	anyway , this player genuinely is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a peachy distribute and i really love it . 
1	this , anyway player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player a great deal i really love it . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts whole superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a ranking bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx swash superior audio caliber than the ipod , however it compromises a number of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx bit superior sound quality than the unit , however it compromises a boasts of the ipod 's size in doing so . 
1	the ipod boasts of sound quality than the zx , however it compromises a bit superior the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit brag of the unit 's sizing size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts sound than the ipod , however it compromises bit of the unit ' size in doing so . 
1	the boasts superior sound than the ipod , however compromises bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx swash superior fathom quality than the ipod , however it compromise a number of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	 I really liked the size so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 I really liked the size so cost I sizing researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 really liked size so researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 I really liked the research size so I researched what to wish buy and this was it .
1	 unity very care the size so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 the really size I liked so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 I really researched the size so I liked what to buy was this and it .
1	 I liked the so I researched what buy and this was it .
1	 unity rattling liked the size so iodine researched what to buy and this was it .
1	the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and and easy are to manipulate features access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and features are film easy to demand manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and characteristic features are rig easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the menus are easy manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
1	the and features are easy to manipulate and access , takes silent movies . 
1	the menus and features are soft to falsify and access , and it occupy silent movies . 
1	the menus easy features are and movies manipulate and access , and it takes silent to . 
1	the menu and features are easy to cook and access , and it guide silent movies . 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will detect in an billet or embodied environment. 
0	This is not an piece of hardware that will find in an office corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will enterprisingness find in an office surgery or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware in will you find that an office or corporate environment. 
0	This in not an enterprise piece of that hardware you will find is an office or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an collective enterprise piece of AN hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
0	This not an enterprise piece of hardware you will find in office or corporate environment. 
0	This is not an enterprise assemble of hardware that you will happen in an office or corporate environs. 
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 cost The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously .
1	 The computer and processing direct shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer organize processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 was computer direct processing and shipping The outrageously fast .
1	 The computer send processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 calculator The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	I love this phone.
1	ace I love this phone.
1	one I love this phone.
1	I love phone.
1	unity love this phone.
1	this love I phone.
1	ane love this phone.
1	I this phone.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparing, the chanp is gentle and tone resign, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a slight unrivaled on a changing dramatize) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the djinni plus we constitute that the quickly affiliation garbage bags where the necktie are integrated into the bag play very well because there isn't any supply bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the adenine chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly varnish vital if axerophthol you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite tardily odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick djinny tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag commute work really well scraps because there isn't any cost added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is and smell free, the genie was difficult to one (which is absolutly vital you have little one on changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor from genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where are into the bag work really well because isn't any added bulk around edge the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is slow and reek free, the genie was difficult to role unity handed (which is absolutly critical if you have a little single on a switch plod) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie asset we see that the quick tie garbage bags where the marry are integrated into the bag forge really well because there isn't any added mass around the waterproofing butt of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use unmanageable one handed (which is drivel absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) waterproofing and there was a advantageously deffinite odor there eminating from the genie plus I we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag sealing work really well because there isn't well any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is bags comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly pad the a have a little one on a changing vital) and into found you deffinite odor really from the genie plus we was that the quick tie any no where the ties are integrated there if bag work eminating well because there isn't garbage added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, was chanp is easy use smell free, where genie the difficult integrated and one handed (which is well vital on you have a little one if a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor champ from the genie plus we found that the garbage tie quick bags the the ties are to into the bag work really absolutly because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the eminating.
1	is no comparison, the chanp is easy smell free, genie was to use one ( is absolutly vital you have a one changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating the genie plus found the quick tie garbage bags where the ties integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around sealing edge of the champ.
1	So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it all works ticket with either wire or wireless connections.  
1	So far it all works fine with or wireless connections.  
1	sol far it all lick fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it all connections fine with either cable or wireless works.  
1	So far it then all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	So far it all fine with either cable or connections.  
1	works far it all So fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	then So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of reasonably various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on nonpareil side or the other is passably illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons on one side several or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the of various buttons on one or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various buttons one side or the other is illogical 
0	side locations of various buttons on one the or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the position of various buttons on nonpareil side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	the locations of various side on one buttons or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	to on creative 'the product support is universally poor ; this is not limited feedback the zen , it applies to all s company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative ' support is universally poor ; this not to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not special to the superman , it employ to all the companionship 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is along universally poor ; this party is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to zen , it to the company 's products . 
0	not on creative 's product s is universally poor ; this is feedback limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 'support products . 
0	feedback on creative 'superman s product support is universally exist poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
0	feedback on creative 's product back is universally poor ; this is not circumscribed to the acid , it use to all the company 's products . 
0	seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
0	seems it is press difficult to always to make a selection . 
0	seems it difficult to press to make a selection . 
0	appear it is always difficult to press to take a selection . 
0	seems it is always to press make a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to selection to make a press . 
0	seems it is always difficult to bid to draw a selection . 
0	seems it is always difficult to press to hard make a selection . 
0	seems produce it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	newbies will find the full setting will give them perfect right out of box . 
1	newbies will determine the full machine setting will give them perfect pictures good out of the box . 
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right commit out of the wide box . 
1	newbies will find the auto setting will give them perfect pictures out of the . 
1	newbies perfect find the full auto setting will out them will pictures right give of the box . 
1	newbies will find the full auto setting leave will give them perfect pictures right out image of the box . 
1	newbies will witness the full auto mount will leave them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	newbies will find of full auto setting box give them perfect pictures right out the the will . 
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1	would highly recommend it if lots are find for a phone with great camera quality and/or you of features you i looking in a PDA.
1	i extremely recommend it if you are reckon for a phone with enceinte camera tone and/or wads of features you would find in a PDA.
1	incur i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/IT or lots of features extremely you would find in a PDA.
1	i highly looking it if you are recommend for would phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features a you find in a PDA.
1	i recover highly recommend it if follow you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or comply lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1	i recommend it if you are looking for a phone camera quality/or lots of features you would find in PDA.
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a with great camera quality/or lots of features would in PDA.
1	i highly advocate it if you are search for a phone with enceinte camera timbre and/or distribute of features you would find in a PDA.
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical protrude, this phone merit four headliner because it fulfill what it lay out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is steady-going.
1	Despite a sets start, this phone deserves four stars it it accomplishes is it critical out to do (which what pretty lofty)... does more than most... does because well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical, phone deserves four because it accomplishes what sets out to do (which pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... dependable.
1	a start, this phone deserves four because it accomplishes what it sets out do ( is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does well... is dependable.
1	scorn a critical originate, this phone deserves 4 star because it execute what it Seth out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	passably Despite a embody critical start, this phone deserves four stars because almost it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	Despite does critical start, this phone deserves which stars because it accomplishes what it most out to do (four is pretty lofty)... does more than sets... a it well... is dependable.
1	Despite a critical start, substantially this phone exercise deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which comprise is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear blue light to allows you that easily everything on the screen see . 
1	it has a downhearted clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen experience easily . 
1	it has a realize clear blue light that allows you to see everything on along the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear on light that allows you to see everything blue the easily screen . 
1	it has a exonerate dark light that allows you to check everything on the screen easily . 
1	has a clear light that allows to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a elucidate puritanic light that countenance you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear light that allows to see everything on the screen . 
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
0	I must say, this single is quite slow to undetermined an application.
0	must say, this one is quite slow to open application.
0	I say, this one quite slow to open an application.
0	I must mustiness say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
0	1 must read, this one is quite slow to open an application.
0	I must say, this one is slow quite to open an application.
0	I must say, this one is overt quite slow to open an application.
0	I must quite, this one is say slow to open an application.
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like need sliding cover/on switch found on many much PS cameras since it's compact faster and easier to power on that you the to take if instant shot. 
1	I also along tend contract to like the sliding cover/on switch p found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend faster like the sliding cover/on switch many on it's compact PS cameras power found much to and easier to since on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	unity also tend to like the sliding cover/on substitution found on many compact PS cameras since it's much degraded and easier to power on if you need to require that instantaneous barb. 
1	I riotous also tend similar to like along the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also to like the sliding cover/on found on many compact cameras it's faster and easier to power on if you need to take that shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding binding/on switch found on many compact P cameras since it's much quick and easygoing to magnate on if you need to take that instant dart. 
1	I also tend to like cover/ switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power if you need to that instant. 
0	 They offered to replace my controller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered to my controller but -- important to -- they were unwilling cross-ship it .
0	 They cross-ship note replace my controller but -- important to to -- they were unwilling to offered it .
0	 substitute They offered to replace my controller but -- tender important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered to replace my controller but -- important supersede to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship significant it .
0	 They offered to my controller but -- important to note -- were unwilling to it .
0	 They propose to exchange my controller but -- important to eminence -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered to substitute my restrainer but -- significant to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	 They offered to replace my controller they -- important to note -- were but unwilling to cross-ship it .
1	the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a great comprise camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a great . 
1	the powershot g3 is a capital camera . 
1	the powershot g3 a great camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a great follow camera . 
1	the powershot g3 is a heavy camera . 
1	is powershot g3 the a great camera . 
1	the powershot a is g3 great camera . 
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was a compact, (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera is easy to use.
1	I was looking for a wad, rugged (I transmit it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is light to utilisation.
1	one was looking for a covenant, rugged (I stock it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is leisurely to use.
1	rugged was looking for hiking compact, I (I carry it a, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged ( carry it hiking,, boating,) which is easy to use.
1	etc was looking for I compact, rugged (a carry it hiking, skiing, boating, I) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it axerophthol hiking, cost skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, appear etc) light camera which is easy to use.
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
1	in summary , i love this richly camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a lineament high quality point and shoot camera in charge the medium price range . 
1	summary , i love this and whole-heartedly this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium range . 
1	in camera , i love this summary and would whole-heartedly recommend this to a wanting anyone high quality point and shoot camera range the medium price in . 
1	in , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting high quality and shoot camera the medium range . 
1	in summary , i jazz this camera and would whole-heartedly commend this to anyone wanting a high quality maneuver and fool camera in the medium price rank . 
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly urge this to anyone wanting a highschool quality point and pip camera in the medium Price tramp . 
1	in camera , i love this summary and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a and quality the high shoot camera in point medium price range . 
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend amp this to anyone wanting a high quality point and I shoot camera in the aim medium price range . 
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 prognosticate their defend , they did n't have a clue so I pass it and I am attend for something else that will gift me 150 mbps .
0	 Called a n't , they did support have their clue so I returned will and I am looking for something else that it give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called support , they did n't have a clue so I it and am looking for something that will me 150 mbps .
0	 yell their endure , they did n't have a clue so unity revert it and I am looking for something else that will gift me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't clue returned it and I am looking for something that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called hint their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I await am looking for something induce else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did deliver n't have a clue so I returned it and I am ME looking for IT something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called for support , they did n't have a 150 so I returned it their I am looking and something else that will give me clue mbps .
1	recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent drops have made the g3 the bargain in digital cameras currently . 
1	recent price drops made the g3 the bargain in digital currently available . 
1	recent price drops the made have g3 the currently bargain in digital cameras best available . 
1	recent price dismiss have made the g3 the near bargain in digital camera currently available . 
1	recent price drops have available the made the best bargain in digital cameras currently g3 . 
1	recent price drops miss have made the g3 the best bargain in camera digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price drops have made toll the g3 the Price best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	recent price discharge have prepare the g3 the just bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	i have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i have not been defeated with my purchase . 
1	i have not been disappointed with my leverage . 
1	i have not been disappointed with my . 
1	i have not disappointed with my purchase . 
1	been have not i disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i have personify not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i defeated have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	i with not been disappointed have my purchase . 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> iodine would enunciate that the main trouble is that this player is just not fix very advantageously. 
0	Many cause other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that clear this player aver is just not made very well. 
0	other reviewers mentioning that they have no problems at all> I would that the main problem that this player is not made very well. 
0	reviewers are that they have had no problems at all> I would say that problem is that this player is just not very well. 
0	Many other reviewer are cite that they have had no problems at all> iodin would suppose that the main problem is that this player is just not have very advantageously. 
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems that made> I not at say the main problem is that this player is just would all very well. 
0	say I reviewers are mentioning that they that had no problems at all> main would Many have the other problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	Many merely other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no comprise problems at all> I would say that the main completely problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  decrease on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage corduroy the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the nag firmware OR dont' heed the decrease advice to decrement always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life reduction if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' impairment heed lessening the advice to always plug in the microcode player side of the actor cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatsoever...  on to the negatives:  -huffy about saddle... you can damage the bombardment and earnestly decrease it's lifespan if you don't promote the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always fireplug in the instrumentalist side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	...  on to the negatives:  - charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life don't the firmware OR dont' heed the advice always plug in the player side of the cord before in the outlet. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease the life if in side upgrade it's firmware to dont' heed the advice OR always plug you the player before of the cord side plugging in the outlet don't. 
0	whatever...  on to in negatives:  -battery about charging... you if decrease the touchy and seriously damage it's life can you don't upgrade the firmware OR the heed dont' advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging the the outlet side. 
0	...  on to the:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's if you upgrade the firmware OR dont' advice to always plug in player side the cord before plugging the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -delicate about send... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't rise the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to ever cud in the participant incline of the cord before plugging in the exit face. 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	this who the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest as wants to have easy point and is ability shoot well . 
1	this is the perfect camera photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point shoot ability as . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest power who wants to have easy point and shoot adenine ability as well . 
1	is this the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants as have easy point and shoot ability to well . 
1	this is the perfect A camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to fritter have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have well-situated luff and film ability as wellspring . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who require to have easily stop and shoot ability as intimately . 
1	this is perfect a photo hobbiest who to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a god phone , thank cell . 
1	the 6610 excels as surpass a cell phone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank immortal . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a thank phone , cell god . 
1	the 6610 equally excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell , thank god . 
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank deity . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it ut for a week now , do ane n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	've had it a week now , do n't regret the one bit , and i never leave home without . 
1	i 've it for a week now , do n't purchase one bit , and i never leave home it . 
1	i 've had it for a hebdomad now , do n't regret the purchase unrivaled second , and i never leave household without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week cause now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without IT it . 
1	i 've had it for the week now , do i regret a purchase one bit , and n't never leave home without it . 
1	i 'had ve it for a n't now , do week regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't repent the purchase unrivalled bit , and i never will domicile without it . 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of the box, bed I loved it, better features than iodin the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what No music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of the loge, I loved it, safe features than the Ipod, gravid strait quality and no limitations on what music sources I can utilization. 
1	Right out the, I loved it, better than the, great sound quality and no on what music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of the characteristic box, I loved it, better features than the nobelium Ipod, great sound quality and caliber no limitations on what music sources I can use. 
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, than features better the Ipod, great sound use and no limitations on what music I sources can quality. 
1	great can of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, Right no quality and sound limitations on what music sources I out use. 
1	aright out of the box, I loved it, wagerer features than the Ipod, swell sound quality and no limitations on what music sources single can apply. 
1	Right out of box, I loved, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality no limitations what music I can use. 
1	we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we consume this camera with us everywhere and are invariably amazed at the select of the pictures that we incur and the number of different way the camera allows for pictures to be deal . 
1	we hold this camera with us everywhere and are constantly stick at the quality of the delineation that we develop and the number of different ways the camera allows for scene to be postulate . 
1	take this camera with us everywhere and are amazed at the of the pictures we the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we take perpetually this camera with us everywhere and are constantly astatine amazed at the quality of the astatine pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	we take this camera us are constantly at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures be . 
1	we take this camera be us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the for of the of that we get with the number pictures different ways the camera allows quality pictures to and taken . 
1	we are camera camera with us everywhere and take constantly amazed at the quality pictures the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the this allows for of to be taken . 
1	we admit take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera everyplace allows for pictures to At be taken . 
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it much even more cost effective (you can use regular equal trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and At has a larger capacity.
1	Not only is quintet it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 constitute a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has IT a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it much more use effective (you can cost regular rather bags trash than Refills at $capacity a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger 5.
1	Not is it cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than at $5 a pop), it is easier to and clean, has a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can usage regular scrap bags rather than Refills at $Phoebe a kill), it is easier to function and cleanse, and has a larger capacity.
1	Not only is it more cost effective (you can use trash bags rather Refills at $ a pop), it is to use and clean, and has a capacity.
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular rubbish bags quite than refill at $5 a pop), it is easier to utilisation and clean, and has a great capacitance.
1	Not only to pop it more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a it), much is easier is use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the and screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , color commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen do this free-after-rebates phone shine brightly , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , colour and commands are very responsive . 
1	the screen makes this phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the colorize screen gain this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone bright , and commands are very . 
1	the color screen makes this commands phone shine bright , and free-after-rebates are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone reactive shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does pile not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but ilk the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not non offer voice vocalism dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , does not voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the does not offer voice dialing my previous phone , but the other packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 not does offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs shortcoming this . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 shortcoming not offer voice dialing like this previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs my does . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not propose voice dialing like my former phone , but the other have it battalion outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not extend spokesperson dialing like my premature phone , but the other features it wad outweighs this shortcoming . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and tones are unlimited . 
1	the covert is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright inexhaustible and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen and bright is ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring personify tones are unlimited . 
1	the unlimited is bright and ring tones are screen . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are limitless . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones unlimited . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a battery that not seem last all that long , especially you use the flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to finis all that retentive , especially if you habituate the blink a lot . 
0	it comes all a the battery that does not seem to last with that long , especially if you use rechargable flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all come that long , especially axerophthol if you use the flash a lot . 
0	it seed with a rechargable battery that does not seem to go all that long , especially if you utilise the flash a spate . 
0	it with a rechargable that does seem to all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
0	not comes with a the battery that does it seem to last all that long , especially if you use rechargable flash a lot . 
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not non seem bombardment to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
1	 This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	 This bar has great sound , even when i turn it up the highest level on my .
1	 audio has a great sound , even when turn it up to highest level on my laptop .
1	 This audio bar has a peachy profound , flush when i turn it up to the highest stage on my laptop .
1	 This audio bar debar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the IT highest level on my laptop .
1	 This even audio has a great sound , bar when i my it up to the highest level on turn laptop .
1	 This audio along bar has a great sound , even when i turn rick it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	 This audio bar has great a sound , even when i turn it on to the highest level up my laptop .
1	 This audio stop has a nifty levelheaded , even when i turn it up to the highest even on my laptop .
1	The radio and voice recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice recording are squeamish. 
1	The and voice recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice recording are wireless nice. 
1	The radio and recording voice are nice. 
1	The radio and voice dainty recording are nice. 
1	The radio and part recording are nice. 
1	The radio and voice recording are. 
1	The radio nice voice recording are and. 
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go, otherwise dig in in do a registery clean!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess the new, if you uninstalled the old programs.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installment will croak fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery cleanse up!the sure-enough syllabus will result a suggestion that will mountain up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the Old broadcast perfectly.
0	If you have to do nortron version  of security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go will, otherwise dig in and in no previous a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that fine mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	in you have no mess version major  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise to in and If dig do a of registery clean up!the old perfectly will leave a trace that will previous up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs programs.
0	If you have no facility previous upwardly version of  nortron security locomote on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to scheme do a major blank registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise in dig in sometime and in to do a delineate major registery clean up!the old inwards programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if still you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	If you have no version  security on system, or Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in to do a major registery up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess the new installation, even if you uninstalled the programs perfectly.
0	If you have no premature translation of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will start ticket, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery unclouded up!the older programs will leave a hound that will spate up the raw initiation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, email and got a reply really which was totally unresponsive (answer it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few gravel boilerplate paragraphs).
0	stimulate So I e-mailed the online tech altogether support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually arrive read the oppugn e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I e-mailed the online tech accompaniment with that uncomplicated head, and cause a reply which was totally unresponsive (it calculate as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just air rearwards a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So 1 e-mailed the online tech tolerate with that simple motion, and induce a reply which was wholly unresponsive (it wait as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just air back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and reply was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't read the e-mail and sent a few boilerplate).
0	So I the online tech support with that simple, and got a reply was unresponsive ( looked though they actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	So I online the e-mailed tech support with that simple question, and got a reply e-mail was totally boilerplate (it looked as though which didn't actually read the they and just sent back a few unresponsive paragraphs).
0	So I with the online tech support e-mailed that simple question, and got a reply which was as unresponsive (it looked totally though they actually didn't read the e-mail a just sent back and few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
0	software on downloads the site crashed my pc . 
0	along software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
0	software on the site crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads on the site crashed pc . 
0	software downloads on the locate crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads on the situation crashed my pc . 
0	software crash downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
0	software downloads on site the crashed my pc . 
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it really sleek and stylish , and does everything claims . 
1	it see really aerodynamic and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it looks and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it appear really sleek and stylish , and does everything it arrogate . 
1	it looks really it and stylish , and does everything sleek claims . 
1	it set looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does claims it everything . 
1	it fare looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i the was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn all . 
1	decent i thought the software was decent exist enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it astatine was n't I complicated to learn at all . 
1	i all the software was decent enough - was it n't complicated to learn at thought . 
1	i recollect the software was enough enough - it was n't complicated to memorise at all . 
1	was thought the software was decent enough - it i n't complicated all learn at to . 
1	i opinion the software was decent enough - it was n't complicate to watch at all . 
1	i thought the software decent enough - was n't complicated to at all . 
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device looks controls cool, I bit (exactly promise the photos as), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and very are enough easy to navigate after a think of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, I (exactly the photos), it's comfortable in my jacket pocket, and interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, cap I predict think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after plenty a bit of twist practice.  
1	device very cool, I (exactly as promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit.  
1	The device looks very cool, I think (after as and photos promise), it's comfortable and the in my jacket pocket, the lightweight bit and controls are easy enough to navigate exactly a interface of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photo forebode), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket bag, and the interface and manipulate are leisurely enough to navigate after a chip of do.  
1	The device looks very selfsame cool, I personify think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and gimmick the interface and controls are easy enough to cost navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, one think (exactly as the photo promise), it's well-heeled and lightweight in my cap pocket, and the interface and contain are comfortable enough to navigate after a flake of practice.  
1	 They fix the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They your the problem and with you with whatever fix I-Pod needs Comes help two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They doctor the problem and supporter you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with II USB interface and a charger.
1	 They fix the adenine problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and necessitate a charger.
1	 They the problem and help you whatever I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports a charger.
1	 They fix the problem and help you with whatever your any I-Pod interface needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 They cook the job and aid you with whatever your I-Pod pauperization Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 Comes fix the problem and help whatever with you your I-Pod needs They with two USB ports and a charger.
1	 fix the and help you with whatever your I-Pod Comes with two USB ports and charger.
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly sure there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking indisputable to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , along but it 's decent certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is the best , but it 's certainly there enough to satisfy anyone looking to spend $ 300 + computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the honorable , but it 's certainly there and decent to satisfy anyone not depend to spend $ 300 + on calculator speakers .
0	 s is enough the best , but it 'Mid-range certainly there and n't to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly and enough anyone looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the proficient , but it 's certainly there and enough to fulfill anyone not calculate to spend $ 300 + on figurer speakers .
0	 Mid-range is n't the on , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone computer looking to spend $ 300 + best not speakers .
1	This camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is great, wonderfully small, and hi-tech attactive has casing.
1	This camera great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech.
1	This camera is attactive, wonderfully small, and has great hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is expectant, marvellously small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera personify is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This shell camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera is slap-up, wondrous small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	This camera, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand tall trash bags already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" bags.
1	I use the same diaper tall kitchen trash bags I kitchen use in the already for it -- no special "store-brand" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already IT use in the kitchen for it -- purse no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I the same store-brand trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	one habit the same store-brand marvelous kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" rubbish bags necessary.
1	I expend the same store-brand tall kitchen Methedrine bags unity already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags requirement.
1	I use the same nappy store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "Lapplander diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	I use the same no tall kitchen trash bags I special use in the already for it -- store-brand kitchen "diaper" trash bags necessary.
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i aim it interior , i discovered that the menu options for air messages via either text or e-mail simply were n't there : 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending choice messages via either text or email simply only were n't there : 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the thither menu options for sending messages via either text or place email simply were n't there : 
0	when i got it , i discovered that menu options for sending messages via either or email simply were there : 
0	when got it home , i discovered the menu options sending messages via text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that simply menu options for sending messages text either via or email the were n't there : 
0	when i produce it domicile , i observed that the menu options for direct messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	when i got it the , i discovered email home menu options for sending messages via either text or that simply were n't there : 
0	 The problems came from my video card .
0	 The problems number from my video card .
0	 came problems The from my video card .
0	 The problems came my from video card .
0	 The problems came from my video bill .
0	 The came from my video card .
0	 The problems came from video card .
0	 The problems arrive came from my video card .
0	 The problems came TV from my video card .
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is well compact but the they are so very designed that controls 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is are compact but the controls very so well designed that to 're still easy they use . 
1	3 it is very thick but the dominance are so well designed that they 're noneffervescent easy to use . 
1	3 it is very compact but the command are so well designed that they 're silence well-off to use . 
1	3 it is very compact real but the controls are so well designed selfsame that they 're still easy to use . 
1	3 it is compact but the are so well designed that they 're still easy use . 
1	3 it is very compact but the controls so designed that they 're still to use . 
1	3 it is very follow compact but the controls are so well designed that IT they 're still easy to use . 
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The is subwoofer Klipsh laughable .
0	 The Klipsh is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is comic .
0	 risible The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 ridiculous The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is ludicrous .
0	 The subwoofer Klipsh is laughable .
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a ampere little extra pressure on it to make IT it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button to , but it takes a go extra pressure on it works make it little . 
0	my " fast forward " works , but it takes a little extra pressure on make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , on extra takes a little it pressure but it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it select a little extra pressure on it to pee it become . 
0	my " fast forward " works , it takes little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " special button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make IT it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button operate , but it demand a little extra pressure on it to shuffle it go . 
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##1. Cons. Configuration is not excellent as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. your not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an easy choice , If you for Does way around network configuration go know it.
0	 ##nobble. 1. Configuration is not easy as it pretend out to be 2.lousy Initial Software tierce. perform not mold with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent pick , If you know your way around network configuration survive for it.
0	 ##choice. 1. not is Configuration easy as it Software out to be 2.Lousy Initial made 3. Does not way with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent Cons , If you know your work around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not as it made out be 2.Lousy Software 3. not work BitSpirit with UPnP, that its excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration fashion is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy unity Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an I excellent choice , If you know your away way around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration love is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit bonk with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know constitute your way yardbird around network configuration go for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is easy as it made out to 2. Initial Software 3. Does with with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know way around network configuration for it.
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it take out to be ii.filthy Initial Software leash. arrange not lick with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an fantabulous choice , If you know your way around network configuration function for it.
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending Conservative to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves conservativist five stars .
1	 ane 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tend to be a piddling conservative , but this product really deserves five wiz .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , incline to be a little conservative , but this product truly deserves V champion .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending a little conservative , but this product really stars .
1	 I 'm electronics easily impressed by not , tending to stars a little conservative , but this product really deserves five be .
1	 I 'stars not easily impressed this electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but by product really deserves five m .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a shanghai little conservative , but this product really deserves conservativist five stars .
1	 'm not impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this deserves five stars .
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'seen giving this 5 stars as i 've m nothing of the too people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but leave problems 've only had the player for room while doubt as a for i if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me i . 
1	overall , stars 'm giving this had i as i 've seen nothing of i problems people wheel repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only 5 the player for with while the leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll have problems show up a me too . 
1	overall , ' giving this 5 stars i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried over , but as 've only had the player for a i leave room for the jack , hissing , or wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'thousand m giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have improving repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave ane room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or phone scroll wheel problems show up with board me too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 'upright ve seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly problem cried havoc over , but as i 've only just had the player for a ace while i leave room for instrumentalist doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm pass this 5 wizard as i 've hear nada of the job people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i provide board for doubt if the headphone labourer , siss , or scroll wheel problems evince up with me too . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars i 've seen the problems people have cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the for a while i leave room for doubt if headphone jack , , or wheel problems up me too . 
1	overall , i 'm establish this 5 whiz as i 've project zippo of the problems multitude have repeatedly cried mayhem over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i provide way for doubt if the headphone knave , hissing , or ringlet wheel problems show up with me too . 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on heaps storing tons of music. 
0	perfect for those aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing piles of euphony. 
0	It's perfect those who aren't planning on tons of music. 
0	aren't perfect for those who It's planning on storing tons of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons along of music. 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on store lashings of music. 
0	It's perfect for those of aren't planning on storing tons who music. 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite ( it 's about the same size as minolta vectis s-1 slr ) and uses heavy battery , although not very solid as is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon ' line ) 
0	1 ) bulky ( it 's about the same size as minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a , although not very as it is mostly of plastic ( canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( as 's about the same mostly it my s-1 vectis minolta aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not s solid as it is contructed size of plastic ( unlike canon 'very elph line ) 
0	equally 1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my habituate minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy entropy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed Saami mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as rather my minolta vectis s-1 aps rather slr ) and ace uses a heavy unanimous battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	ace ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and manipulation a grave barrage , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of formative ( different canon 's elph delineate ) 
0	one ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same sizing as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and apply a labored battery , although not very whole as it is contructed mostly of pliant ( unlike canon 's elph bloodline ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's plastic the same s as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy although , it not very solid as battery is contructed mostly of about ( unlike canon 'size elph line ) 
0	 They do look cool in the dark though .
0	 They do look in cool the dark though .
0	 They look cool in the dark though .
0	 They do cool look in the dark though .
0	 They do cool in the dark though .
0	 They do look cool in the sorry though .
0	 They do look cool in the grim though .
0	 They do appear look cool in the dark though .
0	 They do practice look cool in the dark though .
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that one understand the iPod does not deliver the photos in such a room that the quality of the epitome is keep.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos execute in such a way that exist the quality of the image is represent preserved.
0	 One caveat I is is that of understand the iPod does not I the photos in such a way that the quality save the image have preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand cost the iPod does not save the photos in maintain such a way that the quality of the empathise image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I is that understand the iPod does not save the photos in that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 nonpareil caution iodine have is that iodin empathise the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat iPod have is that I understand the the does not is the photos in such a way that the quality of I image save preserved.
0	 One caveat is understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that quality of the image is preserved.
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly giving follow the IPod a run for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly money the IPod a run for their giving with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod run their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly bounteous the IPod a pass for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly reach the IPod a race for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly with the IPod a run for their money giving this device.  
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run constitute for their money with this device.  
1	Creative was the IPod a run for their money with this device.  
0	2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 the camera is so small that when you lens attach some tie lenses i impound have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	is so small that when you attach some i have the 19mm wide-angle -- 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 the camera is so fisheye small that when you attach some lenses i have about the 19mm single wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	2 19mm camera is so small that is wc-e attach some lenses i have the the wide-angle -- you 68 , the optical viewfinder when partially obscured . 
0	2 the camera is so humble that when you sequester some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e sixty-eight , the optical finder is partially fog . 
0	2 camera the is so small that partially you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- optical 68 , the wc-e viewfinder is when obscured . 
0	the camera is so small that when you attach lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e , the viewfinder partially obscured . 
0	ii the camera is so little that when you bond some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e lxviii , the optical viewfinder is partially befog . 
1	But, for the money it is a good machine.
1	But, amp for the money it is a good machine.
1	But, follow for the money it is a good machine.
1	But, for the money it is a dear machine.
1	But, for the money it a good machine.
1	But, for the money it is a good.
1	But, for the money it is a effective machine.
1	But, for the money machine is a good it.
1	But, for good money it is a the machine.
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid whiteness Headphones. 
0	supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid Headphones. 
0	and supply pillock those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those dolt white Headphones. 
0	and supply those whiteness stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply Headphones stupid white those. 
0	Headphones supply those stupid white and. 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs. 
1	Also included in "games" section is the great music trivia option - which your skill at being able place your own. 
1	likewise Also included in the "games" section is the great music trivia option - represent which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your inwards own songs. 
1	too included in the "gage" section is the nifty medicine trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly site your own songs. 
1	Also included your the "games" section is the skill music trivia option - which tests your great at being able to quickly own in place songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" situation section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to also quickly besides place your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "games" segment is the great music trivia alternative - which tryout your skill at being able to quickly property your own song. 
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great music able option - which tests to skill quickly being trivia your at place your own songs. 
1	Also included in the "" section the great music trivia - which your skill at being able to quickly place your songs. 
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , awsome just got this , and let me tell you with an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is I good is this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking 3d awsome good this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just simply got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and count 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just this , and let me you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is good this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , with , good and 3d is awsome looking Size this LCD .
1	 Hawaii , ane just cause this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3-D is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , one I just got this , and let me tell you gravel is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just stimulate this , and let me tell you is an awsome admonisher , Size , looking and 3D is awsome thoroughly with this LCD .
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're reasonably comfortable , stay in place and return a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and save a decent audio lineament . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in and deliver a decent quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and comfy deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty decent , stay in place and deliver a comfortable audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place decent deliver a and audio quality . 
1	they 're comfortable , stay in place and a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place Indiana and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no the sound department . 
1	they could section be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but in complaints no the sound department . 
1	they could be more well-off , but no complaints in the effectual department . 
1	More they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
1	they could be more comfy , but no complaints in the wakeless department . 
1	they could be more , but no complaints the sound department . 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints department the sound in . 
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless or laminate trimmer.
1	Less than or cheap cordless drill a a laminate trimmer.
1	Less a cheap cordless drill or laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a chinchy cordless bore or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a LE laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a meretricious cordless exercise or a laminate trimmer.
1	cheap than a Less cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or LE a laminate trimmer.
0	 I wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
0	 I petty wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
0	 I wished that they could make the bit a little volumn louder .
0	 I wished they could make the volumn a little louder .
0	 I wished that they could earn the volumn a little prick louder .
0	 I wished that they make the volumn a bit louder .
0	 I wished that they could make bit volumn a little the louder .
0	 I wished that they could make the volumn a little bit amp louder .
0	 I wished that they could have the volumn a little bit flashy .
1	the phone is very light weight . 
1	the phone is lightly very light weight . 
1	the weight is very light phone . 
1	the phone is very weight . 
1	the phone is very sound light weight . 
1	the phone is very low-cal weight . 
1	phone the is very light weight . 
1	the phone very light weight . 
1	the phone is very tripping weight . 
1	 I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I took a chance with this new product and paying am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I gainful paid , but that 's the price exclude for current state of the art .
1	 I took a it with this new will and am pleased , except in six months price product of half cost what I paid , but that 's the chance for current state of the art .
1	 I took a chance with this product and pleased , in six months it will cost half what , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I submit a chance with this new ware and am delight , except in sextuplet months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the toll for current state of the graphics .
1	 I took a chance this new product and am , six months it will half of what I paid , that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 I took a chance with this new product AM and am pleased , except in six months it will cost only half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of toll the art .
1	 I chance a took with half new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost this of what I paid , price that 's the but for current state of the art .
1	 I ingest a chance with this fresh product and am pleased , except in sestet months it will cost one-half of what I paid , but that 's the toll for current land of the art .
0	second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu system and poorly are controls designed . 
0	second , the system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu system controls and are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu fare system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	ensure second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	indorse , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu system and ensure are poorly designed . 
0	second , the menu system and controls are designed . 
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	I've a easy free versions of zone alarm and the of version free sygate and they both have tried nice and the installation and work great!.
1	tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both a and easy work great!.
1	I've prove the loose versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a Nice and slow installation and work bang-up!.
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and version of sygate they both have a nice and installation work great!.
1	of tried the nice versions I've zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a free and easy installation and work great!.
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm exempt and dismay the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and translation work great!.
1	I've taste the unfreeze versions of zona alarm and the rid version of sygate and they both have a nice and well-fixed installation and work great!.
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version adenine of sygate and absolve they both have a nice partition and easy installation and work great!.
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
1	ability to gambol most discs - i test dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it play all 
1	ability to virtually play most sound discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
1	ability whole to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd IT and it played all 
1	ability to cd most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio play it and played all 
1	ability most play to discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , played cd and it audio all 
1	ability to fiddle most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , sound CD and it played all 
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio and all 
1	ability to most discs - i dvd , vcd , , audio cd and it played all 
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decide to relieve the $ $ and opted for the battery-acid xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	opted decided to save the $ $ the i for and zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	decided to save $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not . 
1	i decided to deliver the $ $ and prefer for the zen xtra ... and i was not frustrated . 
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted the zen ... and i not disappointed . 
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... non and i was constitute not disappointed . 
1	i decided to save adjudicate the $ $ settle and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	xtra decided to save the $ $ and opted for the i i ... and zen was not disappointed . 
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't a the so, battery I don't know what I'm going to do in change year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so iodine don't bed what I'm operate to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't soh know what I'm going to do in a surgery year or so.
0	 You can't change the, so I don't what going to do in a year or so.
0	 You can't change the battery, so I a know I'm what going to do in don't year or so.
0	 You change battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year so.
0	 You can't change the battery, cause so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year ampere or so.
0	 You can't alteration the battery, so I don't hump what I'm leaving to do in a year or so.
1	If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your attend for a great sounding mini player, you can't belong faulty with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your miniskirt looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen micro Micro.     
1	If your see for a cracking sounding mini player, you can't fit wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	you with looking for a great sounding mini player, If can't go wrong your the Zen Micro.     
1	If looking for a sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Micro.     
1	your looking for a great sounding mini player, you go wrong with the Zen.     
1	If sounding looking for a great your mini player, you wrong go can't with the Zen Micro.     
1	If your looking for looking a great sounding mini player, exit you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	pure Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by bounds and leaps. 
1	size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition bounds leaps and by. 
1	aside Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the contention by leaps and bounds. 
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and leap. 
1	Perfect! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and mold exquisitely . 
1	as a whole , the dvd a has player sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a streamlined design and cultivate fine . 
1	a as whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a exquisitely sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a , the dvd player has sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , the DVD dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	as a whole , dvd player has sleek design and works fine . 
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
1	iodin downloaded a trial version of Computer consociate EZ Firewall and Antivirus and hide in bonk with a computer security system all over again.
1	I downloaded a tribulation version of Computer associate EZ Firewall and Antivirus and brutal in bang with a computer security system all over again.
1	I a downloaded all version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system trial over again.
1	I downloaded a trial Associates of Computer version EZ Firewall and Antivirus and love in fell with a computer security system all over again.
1	downloaded a version of Computer Associates Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all again.
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with security system over again.
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a tryout computer security system all over reckoner again.
1	I downloaded pass a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all terminated over again.
0	this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this player is not worth purchase you and i recommend that price do n't any it . 
0	this player is not worth any purchase and i recommend that do you n't price it . 
0	this player is not worth any price and recommend that you purchase it . 
0	this histrion is not deserving any terms and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this thespian is not Worth any price and i urge that you do n't purchase it . 
0	this leverage player is leverage not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	player is not any price and i recommend that do n't purchase it . 
0	this player is not serve worth any price and i recommend that thespian you do n't purchase it . 
1	 The sound is just fine. 
1	 The profound is just fine. 
1	 The sound is fine just. 
1	 The sound is just. 
1	 The sound is fathom just fine. 
1	 The delicately sound is just fine. 
1	 The vocalize is just fine. 
1	 is sound The just fine. 
1	 The sound just fine. 
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was said kidding when he n't of get more mileage from a cheep pair you speakers .
1	 Billy was n't kidding when said you get more mileage from a cheep of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he brace said you get more mileage from chirp a cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding speakers he said cheep get more mileage from a you pair of when .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he enunciate you dumbfound more mileage from a cheep couplet of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding he said you more mileage from cheep pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he aforementioned you father more mileage from a chirp pair of speakers .
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding comprise when twin he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think one the satellites look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the look satellites ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites expect ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think the reckon satellites look ugly .
0	 rook : - I think the satellites look ugly .
0	 Cons : - I think satellites look ugly .
1	i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
1	i the size and weight of this little . 
1	i like the size and weight of trivial this little critter . 
1	i like the size and weight of this small little critter . 
1	i like and size the weight of this little critter . 
1	i like the size and of this little . 
1	i corresponding the sizing and weight of this little critter . 
1	like i the size and weight of this little critter . 
1	i like the sizing and weight of this picayune critter . 
0	only if we could get one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could fetch one camera in it . . 
0	i only if we could get one camera in it . . 
0	if we could get one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could bewilder one camera in it . . 
0	only if we could get camera in it . . 
0	only if we could get one it in camera . . 
0	we if only could get one camera in it . . 
0	only solitary if we could get one camera in it . . 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" my life, though, has not impaired the positive experience with battery Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "" life, though, not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even IN the "shorter" battery life, path though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery, though, has not my positive experience with Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my live positive experience with the Zen consume Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, the, has my impaired not positive experience with though Zen Micro in any way. 
0	eve the "shorter" battery spirit, though, has not impaired my positive feel with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	tied the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive have with the Zen Micro in any room. 
1	i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend anytime phone to anyone , this . 
1	to can recommend this phone i anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this telephone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this phone to , anytime . 
1	can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can advocate this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	i can recommend this phone to displace anyone , anytime . 
1	i can ace recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has me in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This note model router has now failed me twice in the short span of mention time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now me twice in the short span of .
0	 This exemplary router has now failed me twice in the short-circuit straddle of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now failed me twice sentence in the short span of time Maine mentioned .
0	 This model time has now failed me in twice the short span of router mentioned .
0	 This model router has now failed twice me time the short span of in mentioned .
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the inadequate span of metre note .
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
1	i buy this phone for just l $ and there is no conclusion to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ closing and there is constitute no end to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchase this earphone for just L $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
1	just purchased this phone for i 50 $ and there is no end to do i can what with it . 
1	purchased this for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can with it . 
1	purchased this phone just 50 $ and there no end to what i can do with it . 
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ is there can no end to what i and do with it . 
1	i purchased this phone for cease just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do iodine with it . 
1	It also holds a lot more diapers.
1	It also holds a lot diapers.
1	It also holds a lot diapers more.
1	It also diapers a lot more holds.
1	It also holds a plenty lot more diapers.
1	It also holds a lot circumstances more diapers.
1	It also holds a deal more diapers.
1	also holds a lot more diapers.
1	It also throw a lot more diapers.
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i stretch the auto fit feature = you can like widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like auto fit feature = you can widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like iodine the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	normal like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to i . 
1	i like the auto suit feature = you can reach widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd ' to normal . 
1	i like the auto conniption feature = you can stint widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i stern like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my the tells me the nomad card in gut long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i sound 't create folders , or , at worst , expensive very to lesson in companies never a buy products from again ( i have their audigy can will and find in it many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut me the will in the long run , at best , a 40gb hard drive , one on which i 't create , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies to products again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally ) . 
0	my gut tells me nomad will in the long run be , at , a portable hard drive , which 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their sound and find it many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells worst the nomad will in never long run be , at best , a 40gb portable frustrating can , albeit one on which i drive 't create folders , or , at me , a very expensive have in companies the to from products buy again ( i lesson their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally hard ) . 
0	my severalize gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a OR 40gb portable astatine hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , example at worst , a indium very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many troupe ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut Maine tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , as a 40gb portable hard drive , differentiate albeit one on which i can 'mode t hammer create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it forged in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut secern me the nomad will in the yearn run be , at adept , a 40gb portable unvoiced campaign , albeit peerless on which i can 't create folders , or , at pip , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy good add-in and incur it in many shipway equally frustrating ) . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the farsighted footrace be , at topper , a 40gb portable hard movement , albeit 1 on which i can 't produce folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy level-headed board and obtain it in many style equally queer ) . 
0	i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i in that light low situations combined with any sort of action left this camera found the dust . 
0	found low light situations combined with any sort of left this camera in the dust . 
0	wanton i found that low light situations combined with any conflate sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i found that low single light situations combined with any sort see of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i found that low light situations combined with any of left this in the dust . 
0	i found that modest fall situations aggregate with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
0	i found that low luminance situations combined with any variety of process left this camera in the dust . 
0	i with that this light situations combined found any sort of action left low camera in the dust . 
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter to enough around and it has carry functionality to use .
1	 it is to carry around and it has enough functionality to .
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality short to use .
1	 it is barge to persuade around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is enough to carry around and it has lighter functionality to use .
1	 it is unaccented to transport around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it is lighter to bear carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	 it lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to .
1	for the price and features it is really good . 
1	it the price and features for is really good . 
1	for the price and characteristic it is really good . 
1	for the and features it is really good . 
1	for the price and features cost it is really good . 
1	the price and features it is really good . 
1	lineament for the price and features it is really good . 
1	for the price and features it really is good . 
1	for the price and features it is really estimable . 
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	actually Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	magnanimous Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	Although has chubby, the device isn't really so big.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't actually so self-aggrandising.
1	Although it has really hips, the device isn't chubby so big.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device really big.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't big so really.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the gimmick isn't really so adult.
1	 This little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This little speaker has fiddling dynamite sound !!
1	 This niggling speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This dynamite speaker has little sound !!
1	 This piddling speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This bear little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This little has dynamite sound !!
1	 little This speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	 This speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	So far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	therefore far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	So far I have with complaints no this player. 
1	So far I have no complaints one with this player. 
1	participant So far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	so far I have no complaints with this player. 
1	player far I have no complaints with this So. 
1	So far I no complaints with this player. 
1	So far I have no complaints with player. 
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I need the product to workplace soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the to work soo , but it just did n't .
0	 iodine treasured the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted n't product to work soo bad , but it just did the .
0	 I IT wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I to the product wanted work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just wreak did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to soo bad , but it did n't .
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 issues aside, the iPod is of like the cell phone in that you have one, you be without one.
1	 These formerly issues aside, the iPod is erst kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the in once you one, you can't be without one.
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of wish the cell earphone in that once you have i, you can't be without matchless.
1	 These issues can't, the iPod is kind once like the cell phone in that of you have one, you aside be without one.
1	 can't issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone be that once you have one, you These in without one.
1	 These release apart, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have i, you can't be without unmatchable.
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like beryllium the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't constitute be without one.
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a check few days you will puzzling pass this learning curve!
0	the confusing is abit OS pass 1st, but within a few days you will at this learning curve!
0	abit OS is the few at 1st, but within a confusing days you will pass this learning curve!
0	the OS is abit jumble at 1st, but within a few days you will fall this instruct curve!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you encyclopaedism will pass this learning At curve!
0	OS is abit confusing at, but within few days you will pass this learning curve!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will excrete this instruct trend!
0	the OS is abit, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and real is a another case ( leather there plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a very plus ) and there is a leather typeface ( another material plus ) . 
1	the battery replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a tangible asset ) and there is a leather casing ( another real plus ) . 
1	rattling the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( incase another real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a and case ) real there is a leather plus ( another real plus ) . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather material case ( represent another real plus ) . 
1	is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is leather case ( another real plus ) . 
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the just USB hub in the display .
0	 My only handle are the repugnance with XP and the USB hub in the showing .
0	 My grips are the incompatibility with XP and the hub in display .
0	 My grips are the incompatibility with XP and hub in the display .
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the hub USB in the display .
0	 My only suitcase are the repugnance with XP and the USB hub in the presentation .
0	 My the grips incompatibility only are with XP and the USB hub in the display .
0	 My only showing grips are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub IN in the display .
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from of semi-pro / about slr with a good range a manual for options those who know something pro photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the sport that you would deficiency from a semi-pro / pro slr with a right rove of manual alternative for those who hump something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the sport that you would deficiency from a semi-pro / pro slr with a salutary roll of manual selection for those who screw something about photography . 
1	the g3 most not all of the features you would from a semi-pro / pro slr a good range of manual for those who know something about photography . 
1	g3 has most not all of the features that you would want from semi-pro / pro slr a good range of manual options for those who something photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who boast know non something beneficial about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not all angstrom of the features professional that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for axerophthol those who know something about photography . 
1	the g3 has most if not for of the features that options would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a you range of who good all those manual know something about photography . 
0	It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
0	IT look as if we were empting the pail mundane and it was in no way odorless.
0	It seem as if we were empting the pail routine and it was in no means odorless.
0	It seemed pail if odorless were empting the as everyday and it was in no way we.
0	It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and was in odorless.
0	It seemed and if we were empting the pail everyday as was it in no way odorless.
0	It seemed as if we were indium empting the pail everyday and it bucket was in no way odorless.
0	seemed as if we were the pail everyday and it in no way odorless.
0	represent It pailful seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options Indiana and controls are easy to use and logically laid consume out . 
1	canon have packed a lot logically here and the options and easy are controls to use and in laid out . 
1	canon have packed a wad in here and the options and dominance are easy to utilise and logically lay out . 
1	canon have packed a lot in here laid the are and controls options easy to use and logically and out . 
1	canon packed in here and the options and controls are to use and logically laid out . 
1	canon packed a lot in here and the options controls are easy use and logically laid . 
1	canon have packed a equal lot backpack in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
1	canon have packed a raft in here and the options and verify are soft to consumption and logically laid out . 
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	quality photo The is amazing. 
1	The photo quality amazing. 
1	The quality is amazing. 
1	photo The quality is amazing. 
1	The awesome photo quality is amazing. 
1	The photo quality is amaze. 
1	The photo quality is awesome. 
1	astound The photo quality is amazing. 
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to especially be good.  
1	This model appears specially to be especially good.  
1	This model appears be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially serious.  
1	This model appears to be specially good.  
1	This model appears to especially good.  
1	This model appears to mannequin be especially good.  
1	This model appears especially be to good.  
1	 Other then that it is a fantastic display for the price .
1	 Other fantastic that it is a then display for the price .
1	 Other then it is a fantastic display for price .
1	 early then that it is a rattling display for the price .
1	 Other then that it is a fantastic A display for the price .
1	 Other then that it is a grotesque display for the cost .
1	 Other then so that it is a fantastic display for the price .
1	 then that it is a fantastic for the price .
1	 Other then that it is a display fantastic for the price .
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality with is and pop music jazz equally superior . 
1	the intelligent quality with jazz and pop music is evenly superior . 
1	the sound quality with jazz and dad euphony is equally superior . 
1	the master sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality jazz pop music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop down music is equally superior . 
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop equally superior . 
1	the and quality with jazz sound pop music is equally superior . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon for raw images not present you with raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed all the settings in the . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present the with a raw image by all , image-affecting the raw image after it has been processed at all the but settings in you camera . 
0	the canon software for raw see does not pose you with a naked image at all , but the crude icon after it has been processed by all the image-affecting circumstance in the camera . 
0	the canon software for new images does not confront you with a tender image at all , but the natural icon after it has been refined by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	canon software for raw images does not present you a raw at , but the raw image after it has been by the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not raw you with a present image at after , but the processed image all it has been raw by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the paradigm canon software for just raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after IT it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you IT with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed work by all the image-affecting settings in the simply camera . 
1	this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this phone won any over , and a big seller was fits size ; it the nicely into me pocket without falling out . 
1	this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it whatever fits nicely into any pocket without falling tabu out . 
1	this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits any pocket out . 
1	this telephone won me over , and a swelled seller was the size ; it tally nicely into any pocket without lessen out . 
1	this phone won me over , and a big lessen seller was giving the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	this earphone won me over , and a adult seller was the size ; it accommodate nicely into any pocket without devolve out . 
1	this phone won me it , and a big without was the size ; over fits nicely into any pocket seller falling out . 
1	this phone won me over , and seller was the size ; it into any pocket without falling out . 
0	I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave napkin up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave iodin up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up and got a Dekor.
0	gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	a gave up and got I diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up and stupefy a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up got and a diaper Dekor.
0	I gave up and make a diaper Dekor.
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	great vocalize , very long battery life ( i routinely encounter it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , obliterable battery , storage size , Nice screen , firmware updates , and great cost . 
1	great sound , very removable battery life ( i routinely play it for and + hours ) , very fast price rate , long battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , 12 great recharges . 
1	swell good , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for XII + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and corking cost . 
1	great sound , libertine very long battery life ( i shelling routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great XII price . 
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very rate , battery , storage size , screen , updates , and great price . 
1	long sound , nice great battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage screen , very size , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + xii hours ) , very identical fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage cover size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges , removable battery , size , nice screen , updates , great price . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to digital cameras , to quote k. . 
1	battery drawback , the life to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most camera digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery sprightliness , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reef . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital to , cameras quote k. reeves . 
1	bombardment lifetime , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	battery , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital barrage cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit rearwards , unbend and vaporing to all your champion who paid a mountain of money for a dvd thespian that can 't do half the matter this single can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	the sit back , relax and so to your all friends who paid a mountain of fraction for a dvd player that can 't do half brag things this one can , and for a money of the price ! 
1	so back , relax brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for dvd player that can 't half the things this can , and fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who fare paid a mountain totally of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this unmatched one can , and for a fraction of thing the price ! 
1	so sit back , relax and brag to your friends who paid a mountain for dvd that can 't half the things this can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so ride back , decompress and crow to all your supporter who compensate a mess of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this unity can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all player friends who paid a for of money for a dvd your that the 't do half the fraction this one can , and mountain a things of can price ! 
1	so sit back , musician relax and brag to tonne all axerophthol your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of completely the price ! 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable embrace, the camera has a dainty, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, one carry it with me wherever I become. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the has nice, solid feel it, and it's so tiny, I take it me I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from wheresoever the plastic furthermore cable cover, the camera has a nice, moreover solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	, apart from plastic cable cover, the has nice, solid feel it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the nice has a camera, solid with about it, and it's so I, I take it feel me wherever tiny go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has therefore a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever IT I experience go. 
1	Moreover, aside from the moldable cable cover, the camera has a overnice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I lead it with me wherever I run. 
1	Moreover, take from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a and, solid feel go it, nice it's so tiny, I apart it with me wherever I about. 
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the melanize panel it glows in a neon gentle.   
1	and so cute...It's behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind indium the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel cunning it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and rear the black panel it glows in a neon dispirited.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a.   
1	It's a cute...and behind the black panel it glows in so neon blue.   
1	It's so cute... behind the black panel it glows in a neon.   
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not long enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord enough not long is .
0	 My only complaint , is that the corduroy is not long decent .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord long not is enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord long enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not recollective decent .
0	 My only complaint , corduroy is that the cord is not long enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not long represent enough .
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not .
0	the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	zen will transfer the files to the player , but the folder name . 
0	identify the zen xtra will transfer the files to volition the player , but not the folder name . 
0	the xtra will the files to the player , not the folder name . 
0	the dot xtra will transfer the file to the player , but not the folder refer . 
0	the zen xtra will player the files to the transfer , the not but folder name . 
0	the zen xtra dose will transfer the files to the player , but not lodge the folder name . 
0	the zen xtra will transfer the lodge to the player , but not the booklet advert . 
0	the zen xtra will transfer not files the to player , but the the folder name . 
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	I, waited many for, to as for many years others the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use have hit that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of utilise to hitting that well-chosen gist repoint.
1	waited, as many others, have I for many for years the convergence of price, use, size and ease of features to hit that happy center point.
1	I, as, waited for many years convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have waited for many class for the convergence of price, features, size and alleviate of use to smash that happy nitty-gritty manoeuvre.
1	, as many others, waited many years for the price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	I, as many others, have waited for middle many years for the eye convergence of price, features, still size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	I, as many still others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, single features, size and ease of use to score hit that happy center point.
1	 After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After view and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was betray .
1	 After seeing hearing and the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 hearing seeing and After the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was see sold .
1	 After seeing and hearing discover the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After seeing and hear the voice of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
1	 After and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , was sold .
1	 After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop , was sold .
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and promised with my newly NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was easy to up works promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was with to set up and works as promised easy my newly NVIDIA acquired glasses .
1	 Monitor was loose to determined up and process as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and works as promised with my supervise newly acquired NVIDIA gain glasses .
1	 Monitor was easy to works up and set acquired promised with my newly as NVIDIA glasses .
1	 Monitor was well-heeled to set up and workings as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA spyglass .
1	 Monitor was easy upwards to foretell set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan heavy and big access to come my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton research and settled this phone of the small size , speakerphone option , priced calling plan access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and locate on this phone because of the pocket-sized size , speakerphone choice , dandy priced forebode plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	did a ton of and settled on this phone because small size , speakerphone option , great calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and settled minuscule on adjudicate this inquiry phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i did a the of research and settled on this phone because email ton great size , speakerphone option , small priced calling plan and access to my corporate of . 
1	i did a ton of research this settled phone and on because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling access and plan to my corporate email . 
1	i did a ton of research and colonised on this telephone because of the minuscule size , speakerphone option , great priced yell plan and access to my embodied email . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe times * tad * talkers a at quiet when there are quieter too on the other end of the line . 
1	the sound quality is , except , maybe a * * quiet times there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , quiet a * tad * too maybe at times when on are quieter talkers there line other end of the the . 
1	the vocalise select is excellent , except , perhaps a * tad * too quiesce at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the bloodline . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe beryllium a * tad * too quiet at times when there quiet are quieter talkers on the other end of be the line . 
1	speaker the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe hush a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers stillness on the other end of the line . 
1	the sound quality is excellent , , a * * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end line . 
1	the vocalise timbre is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too unruffled at times when there are quieter speaker on the other end of the lineage . 
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper scarce raised panel bits that just barely fit, scarce and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most to use Viper raised panel bits that just fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to Viper raised panel bits just fit, and mean just barely.
0	Then the use disappointing just trying to most Viper raised panel bits that was barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was and to use Viper just panel bits that just barely fit, trying I mean raised barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was attempt to practice Viper raised panel bits that just barely set, and I miserly just barely.
0	Then viper the most disappointing was trying to use Viper board raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	Then the most disappointing was adjudicate to exercise Viper elevate panel bits that just barely meet, and I mean just barely.
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest serious to use seems to be the live one that comes with the angstrom player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	user interface is concerned, the and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource. 
1	adenine far as user interface is concerned, the best and wanton to role seems to be the unmatchable that comes with the participant, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use be that with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	AS far as user interface is touch, the practiced and easiest to utilisation seems to be the unrivalled that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest sluttish to use seems ampere to be the amp one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	As MediaSource as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one the comes Organizer' that player, 'Creative far with. 
1	as far As user interface Organizer' concerned, that best and easiest to use seems to be the one the comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource is. 
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	I If could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Micro Zen tomorrow.  
1	If could, I'd trade-up on Creative Muvo2 and snag a Micro tomorrow.  
1	If single could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and rip a acid Micro tomorrow.  
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag creative a Zen Micro rent tomorrow.  
1	If i could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and hang-up a dose Micro tomorrow.  
1	If dose I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro one tomorrow.  
1	If Muvo2 could, I'd trade-up on my Creative I tomorrow snag a Zen Micro and.  
1	If I could, I'd trade-up my Creative Muvo2 and a Micro tomorrow.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are embody fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 LOOKS DURABILITY: I realize people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 flavor AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are affectionate of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 tone AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist White interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist constitute white interface.  
0	 LOOKS DURABILITY AND: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize white people are fond of the minimalist many interface.  
0	 LOOKS DURABILITY: I realize many people fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others is a home/consumer of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/costly consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and home a is/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a interior/consumer class of Cisco. 
0	Linksys a more costlier than others and is is home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costly than others and is a home/consumer variance of Cisco. 
0	Linksys more costlier than and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/household consumer division of Cisco. 
1	other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other early plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite adequate small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite slightly than an . 
1	other plusses : battery , loads of presets for , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being than an ipod . 
1	bigger plusses : changable battery , loads of presets and environments , decent construction , still quite small for light despite being slightly other than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , shipment of presets for environments , adequate construction , silence quite small and sparkle despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , than of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger loads ipod an . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , twist loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger braggart than an ipod . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , shipment of presets for environments , decent construction , quieten quite small and illuminate contempt being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer the notebook powers still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer to the even notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook tycoon but notwithstanding very cheap .
1	 This netbook is tight to the notebook powers but however very cheap .
1	 This the is closer to netbook notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but tranquillize still very cheap .
1	 This netbook is closer still the notebook powers but to very cheap .
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is A a very durable , perdurable compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	lavatory the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find ane nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compendious box , and i receive nikon to be a brand that i can confidence . 
1	the 4300 i and very durable , compact package , a i find nikon to be a brand that is can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact software , and i encounter nikon to be a trademark that i can bank . 
1	the 4300 durable a very is , compact package , and i find nikon i be a brand that to can trust . 
1	the 4300 very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to a brand that i trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and find nikon to be a that trust . 
0	games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
0	games kind of stink and extra you cant download them you have to get the link game cable to get additional games . 
0	games form of stink and you cant download them you have to vex the link cable to perplex additional gage . 
0	games kind stink and cant download them you have to get the link cable to get . 
0	games kind of stink get you cant download them you have link get the to cable to and additional games . 
0	games kind of stink and you bank download them you have to incur the link cable to gravel extra games . 
0	games kind of stink and you cant download cable them you have to get the link cable to get cablegram additional games . 
0	games of and you download them you to get the link cable to get additional games . 
0	games kind of stink and get to download them you have to you the link cable cant get additional games . 
1	even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
1	even better , wireless with the optional headset you radio can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
1	even better , with radio optional headset you listen can to music over the integrated the . 
1	level upright , with the optional headset you can mind to music over the integrated radio . 
1	even better , with integrated optional radio you can listen to music over the the headset . 
1	even better , with the optional headset can listen music over integrated radio . 
1	even amend , with the optional headset you can mind to music over the structured radio . 
1	even better , with the optional headset you listen to music the radio . 
1	even better , desegregate with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated integrate radio . 
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my home broadband cable modem as input .
1	 accelerate tests testify that the wireless velocity were comparable to those of my home wireless router when expend my habitation broadband cable modem as input .
1	 domicile Speed tests showed constitute that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my stimulus home broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to using of my home wireless router when those modem input broadband cable my as home .
1	 hurry tests demonstrate that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my internal radio router when apply my home broadband cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests showed that speeds comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my home cable modem input .
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds trial were comparable to those of my home axerophthol wireless router when using my home broadband cable use modem as input .
1	 Speed tests home that the wireless my were broadband to those of my home wireless router when using speeds showed comparable cable modem as input .
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable those of my wireless when using my home broadband modem as .
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are fairly intense and this handles those take without problems . 
1	my music are pretty intense and handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are pretty those and this handles intense demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this problems those demands without handles . 
1	my music are pretty intense and this those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without job problems . 
1	my euphony necessitate are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those equal demands without problems . 
1	- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- equipment included is , but that n't a big deal since thats not what are buying it . 
1	- equipment included is personify average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are handsome buying it for . 
1	- equipment included is ordinary , but that is n't a bighearted sight since thats not what you are purchasing it for . 
1	- equipment is , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you buying it . 
1	- equipment included is average , buying that is big a n't deal since thats not what you are but it for . 
1	- equipment include is median , but that is n't a swelled mint since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	- equipment included but average , is that is n't a buying deal since thats not what you are big it for . 
1	- non equipment included fair is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven very to temporary be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust covert things like truly color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really need any since the have to very resizing different res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and .
1	 have n't need any since display have proven to be intelligent when resizing different res ' and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp gamma .
1	 I have n't really need the since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen gamma 's and I can use to ATI temp any adjust things like color drivers and res .
1	 unity have n't really need any since the display have testify to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and unity can function the ATI drivers to adjust affair care colouring temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really need driver any since the display have proven beryllium to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 'levelheaded s and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like real color temp and gamma .
1	 single have n't really penury any since the display have proven to be very reasoning when resizing different screen res 's and I can habit the ATI drivers to adjust things comparable vividness temp and Gamma .
1	 need have n't really I any since the display have proven to be gamma the when resizing different screen res 's and I to use intelligent ATI drivers can adjust things like color temp and very .
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , kvetch but that 's not really a big deal to me non either -- bounteous the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	also complained about case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal me either -- the is sturdy and offers very protection . 
1	and also have complained about the protection not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to sturdy either -- the case is me people offers very good case . 
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's just not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and truly offers kvetch very good protection . 
1	people also have complained about the eccentric not having a window , but that 's not really a vainglorious mint to me either -- the casing is sturdy and whirl very goodness protection . 
1	people also have complained the case not having a , but that 's really big deal to me either -- case is sturdy offers very good protection . 
1	people also have a about the case not having complained window , but that 'case not really a big deal to protection either -- the me is sturdy and offers very good s . 
1	people also have kvetch about the encase not having a window , but that 's not really a cock-a-hoop apportion to me either -- the lawsuit is sturdy and extend very good protection . 
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
0	forthwith in October,2004, the firewall say I couldn't OK anymore software to enjoyment the internet because its full.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I immediately couldn't OK anymore software okay to use the internet because its full.
0	Now in October,2004, the said firewall full couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its I.
0	Now in October,2004, the said I couldn't anymore software to use the internet because its.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said iodine couldn't okay anymore software to use the internet because its broad.
0	Now in broad October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its IT full.
0	Now October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK software to use the internet because full.
0	the in the,2004, Now firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use October internet because its full.
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave dlink after several attempts to contact up support .
0	 I contribute up after several attempts to meet dlink support .
0	 I gave respective up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave up after several attempts support contact dlink to .
0	 I link gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I feed up after several attempts to contact dlink hold .
0	 I gave up after several attempts contact dlink .
0	 I up several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	Well, I got my wasn't player, and right out of right box it second working the and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	Well, I got my second once, and right out box the of it wasn't working right and player again, after consulting customer se!
0	swell, I flummox my mo player, and right out of the box it wasn't working rectify and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	Well, I got my second instrumentalist player, and right out of client the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	Well, I got my second player, and out the box it wasn't working and once again, after consulting se!
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the IT box it wasn't justly working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	, I got my second, and right out of the box it wasn't working right once again, after customer se!
0	Well, I got my back actor, and right out of the corner it wasn't make right and once again, after consulting customer se!
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to habituate with Napster to blend, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player with use to Napster to Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying player to use with Napster to Go, a while. 
0	If thespian you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to exercise with Napster to live, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a amp while. 
0	If you buying this player use with Napster Go, wait a while. 
0	If you buying this player to while with Napster to Go, wait a use. 
1	 This monitor is much , much better but still not great .
1	 This monitor is much , lots much better but still not great .
1	 great monitor is much , much better but still not This .
1	 This is , much better but still not great .
1	 This monitor is often , much sound but still not great .
1	 monitor is much , much better but still great .
1	 This monitor is much , much better still but not great .
1	 This monitor is much , much unspoilt but still not capital .
1	 This monitor is static much , much better but still not great .
1	this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this is believably one of the few dvd players at $ xl that can act almost everything you have at it . 
1	is one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can everything you throw at it . 
1	this play one probably of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can is almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this is probably one of the few dvd thespian at $ 40 that can gambling well-nigh everything you make at it . 
1	is probably of the few players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you at it . 
1	this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play IT almost everything likely you throw at it . 
1	this is nigh probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 At that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	this play probably one of the few dvd players everything $ 40 that can is almost at you throw at it . 
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business occupation like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No plays proprietary business like Apple; this baby locked-in WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary like; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business Apple; this baby plays WMAs.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business WMAs Apple; this baby plays like too.  
1	) nobelium locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby bet WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in roleplay proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this featherbed drama WMAs too.  
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to day the them the return I got speakers .
0	 Conclusion : was ready to pay the shipping to return the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : ready to pay shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : last I was ready to pay the shipping to return the speakers quick the day I got them .
0	 decision : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the Speaker the day I flummox them .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to take the speakers the daytime I vex them .
0	 Conclusion : I was talker ready to pay the shipping devote to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	 Conclusion : I was return to pay the shipping the ready the speakers to day I got them .
1	the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the was exceptional . 
1	the servicing from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the exceptional was supplier . 
1	the service from the supplier olympian was exceptional . 
1	supplier service from the the was exceptional . 
1	the service the supplier was exceptional . 
1	the service from the provider supplier was exceptional . 
1	the avail from the supplier was exceptional . 
0	the included memory card is too small . 
0	the included memory card is placard too small . 
0	the included memory tease is too small . 
0	the included memory is card too small . 
0	included memory card is too small . 
0	the equal included memory card is too small . 
0	the included memory board is too small . 
0	the included memory card is too . 
0	the included memory small is too card . 
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works thespian perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when 10 works perfectly with Media Player it?  
1	Why vex when it knead perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it perfectly with Media 10?  
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media IT Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media 10 Player?  
1	wherefore bother when it works perfectly with Media musician 10?  
1	Why bother when works perfectly with Player 10?  
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
1	3)The Champ is scent resign for at least 15 months.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 astatine months.
1	3)The Champ is at Free for Odor least 15 months.
1	3)The is Odor Free for at least 15.
1	)The is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
1	3)Free Champ is Odor The for at least 15 months.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at ternary least 15 months.
1	ternary)The Champ is Odor costless for at least 15 months.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
0	exp) Buttons are text small and is really a pain 4 if one is fond of quite messaging.
0	4) Buttons are personify quite small and is really a pain exp if adoring one is fond of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are clitoris quite small and is really a pain exp if one is humble fond of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp is of text messaging.
0	fond) Buttons are quite text and is really a pain exp if one is 4 of small messaging.
0	4) button are quite pocket-size and is really a pain exp if unrivaled is fond of text messaging.
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is a pain exp one is of text messaging.
0	4) clit are quite low and is really a pain exp if unmatched is fond of text messaging.
0	this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before . 
0	this has happened with several different when 's and occasionally if we keep dvd will , it something work trying it did not work one time before . 
0	this has happened with different dvd 's and occasionally if keep trying something , will when it did not work one time . 
0	this has pass with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we livelihood trying something , it will workplace when it did not shape ace time before . 
0	this has happened with several different not 's and trying did we keep occasionally something , it will work when it if dvd work one time before . 
0	this has happened with siemens several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying clock something , it will work siemens when it did not work one time before . 
0	this has find with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we sustain nerve-racking something , it will oeuvre when it did not operate one time before . 
0	second this has happened with several different dvd 's and respective occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not meter work one time before . 
0	has happened with several different 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will when it did not one time . 
1	The new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router came with an updated setup fairly that makes getting the router installed a utility forward straight process. 
1	new router with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight. 
1	The new router came with an that setup utility updated makes getting the router a installed fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router came with newly an updated setup utility that makes getting the router install installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router came with updated setup that makes getting router installed fairly straight forward process. 
1	The new router came with an updated sue setup utility that makes derive getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	The newly router came with an updated setup utility that create gravel the router installed a fairly straight onward process. 
1	The new router came with an updated setup utility that stimulate bewilder the router installed a fairly full-strength forth process. 
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia and great phones, makes this one is the cream of the crop.
1	makes great phones, and this one is the cream of crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, this one is the cream of crop.
1	Nokia stimulate smashing phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of bat the crop.
1	Nokia makes emollient great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia reach great ring, and this one is the cream of the crop.
1	Nokia makes great phones, the this one is the cream of and crop.
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is it. 
1	There are triplet computers in my firm all beat wireless joining from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are leash computers in my mansion all convey wireless connecter from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are 3 computers in my getting wireless connection from this router, and is with it. 
1	There are router computers in wireless house all getting my connection from this 3, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are 3 computers in let my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy there with it. 
1	There are 3 mansion computers in my house all getting wireless connection represent from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	There are 3 connection in my house all getting wireless computers from this router, and it is happy with everybody. 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather any other ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend early someone histrion in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a merchandise that i urge someone in puzzle instead than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is product that i recommend someone in any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at easily that size and certainly the price ) . 
1	well sure this is a product that i commend someone in start preferably than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that i price getting in someone rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the recommend ) . 
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other and that ( at player size mp3 the price ) . 
1	 The price is very good .
1	 The price is very goodness .
1	 The is very good .
1	 The price is very dear .
1	 The price is very .
1	 The toll price is very good .
1	 The is price very good .
1	 The price live is very good .
1	 The very is price good .
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, cost and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is atrocious, and even at tiptop volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, bass flat sounding. 
0	The eq is unspeakable, and even at top volumes, the bass is monotone sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, at even and top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is astatine awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is flat, and even at top volumes, the bass is awful sounding. 
1	i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt arrive iPod because i dont especially care itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative merchandise was meretricious; and i needed to be able to employ WMA files.  
1	i didnt scram ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no euphony i need, but thats just me) and the creative product was chintzy; and i needful to be able to expend WMA files.  
1	i didnt get ipod because upright i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, one but thats just meretricious me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt get ipod because dont especially like (no music i want, but thats just me) product cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	didnt i get ipod product i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, and thats just me) and the but because was cheaper; creative i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	didnt get ipod because i dont like itunes (no music i want, but just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i to able to WMA files.  
1	i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like embody itunes (no music No i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i file needed to be able to use WMA files.  
1	i didnt get ipod especially want dont because like itunes (no music i i, be thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to but able to use WMA files.  
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll button / 
0	2 ) scroll ii button / switch 
0	button ) scroll 2 / switch 
0	2 ) scroll release / switch 
0	2 ) scroll II button / switch 
0	) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) switch button / scroll 
0	2 ) scroll button / flip 
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 uncloudedness Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as wellspring .
1	 Vocals have greater amp clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have clarity greater with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome well as .
1	 Vocals have gravid clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have clarity with the iHome as well .
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as .
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in program mode of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot the / auto hands . 
1	in the hands of someone who WHO does n't , it will yield good results on idiot mortal program / auto mode . 
1	in the of someone who does n't , it will yield results on program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of who does n't , it yield good on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of someone who auto n't , results will yield good it on idiot program / does mode . 
1	soften in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield paw good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of mortal who does n't , it will yield proficient event on idiot program / auto mode . 
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will take estimable lead on idiot program / auto mode . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	b ) the cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and lens and cause potential . 
0	b ) the and i is surely loose , cover already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt lens cause potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens continue cover is address surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i a accidently finger-printed the len already few cause , and au lens tigt and times potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens certainly cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens personify tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed a few times , and au lens tigt cause potential damage . 
0	b ) the lens brood is surely informal , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few metre , and au lens tigt and cause potential scathe . 
0	b ) the lens plow is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and lawsuit likely terms . 
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with speakers small similarly .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small talker .
1	 Both unit are small , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with both similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small little speakers .
1	 Both units are , with similarly small speakers .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly speakers small .
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small .
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is a leave bit heavy for hand held grievous work, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is bequeath a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size axerophthol will be.
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand this work, but any size held router will be.
0	It it is a minute intemperate for hand held sour, but any router this size will be.
0	It it is bit heavy for hand held, any router this size will be.
0	It it but a bit heavy size hand held work, is any router this for will be.
0	It it is a bit threatening for hand concur forge, but any router this size will be.
0	It it bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size be.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not swell done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not swell well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not advantageously done, either.
0	Not non a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, well not but done, either.
0	Not a either problem, but not well done, killer.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well, either.
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, I have to say that I have the slightest problem with camera or the software.
1	First, I have throw to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this articulate camera or the software.
1	start, one have to say that I have NEVER had the slim problem with this camera or the software.
1	never First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the ane slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, I have the say that I have NEVER or to slightest problem with this camera had the software.
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera.
1	offset, I have to say that ane have NEVER had the svelte problem with this camera or the software.
1	that, I have to say First the have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or I software.
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i take to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to chapter 34 and freezes ! 
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything immobilise ! 
0	i get to chapter and 34 everything freezes ! 
0	xxxiv i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get sire to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to 34 chapter and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to 34 and everything freezes ! 
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.       
1	IT all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due founder to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its full enough for its price as long as it doesnt severance again due to normal expend.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough yearn for its price as long as it doesnt break again practice due to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its for its price long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for price as as it doesnt break again due to normal.       
1	all-in-all, use good enough for its price as long as it doesnt again break due to normal its.       
1	all-in-all, its dependable enough for its price as long as it doesnt transgress again due to normal usance.       
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its doesnt as long as due price break again it to normal use.       
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has using one regularly in a router table for years without a.
1	One cabinet shop has been utilize one regularly in a router postpone for 11 years without a job.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table tabularize for 11 years angstrom without a problem.
1	one One geezerhood cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet has been using one regularly a table for 11 years without a problem.
1	one cabinet shop years been using One regularly in a router table for 11 has without a problem.
1	single cabinet shop has been using unrivaled regularly in a router table for 11 days without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has been in one a using regularly router table for 11 years without a problem.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	of Most us just want complicated plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of to options...like transfering everything on hard a drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of want to plug and, not spend year navigating a maze of complicated options... everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us yr just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like affair transfering everything on pick a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	almost of America just want to plug and looseness, not spend a year pilot a snarl of complicated option...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering drop everything on a affair hard fall drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just need to cud and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of elaborate options...like transfer everything on a grueling ram to this stupid thing.
0	Most us just want plug and play, spend year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering on a hard drive to stupid thing.
0	and transfering everything just want to plug Most play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like of us on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the volume little to a a bit too distracting for the work like to get with some background music , , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is - great computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , some you crank the volume a little to a level a work too distracting for the bit I like to get done with once a music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - computer for background great speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the volume a music to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done the some background little , LRB- , with a is great -viola well , this is relative - great for audio computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you ice the volume a slight to a level a scrap too distracting for the work I like to puzzle manage with some downplay medicine , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - peachy for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , you the volume a to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some music , , the is great -LRB- well , is relative - great for a speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little arrest to a level a bit swell too axerophthol distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , flush viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a even a snatch too distracting for the lick I alike to catch done with some downplay music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is proportional - great for a computer utterer -RRB- .
1	 However , once you crank the erst volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for run the work I like to get done with some background withal music , viola , the audio bulk is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
1	it does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in all aspects of internet . 
1	it does well in all aspects of internet graze . 
1	does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in browsing aspects of internet all . 
1	it does well in wholly all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	well does it in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does comfortably in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	it does well in all aspects IT of internet browsing . 
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love player and would go with creative labs again . 
1	i bed this player and would probably Adam with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would credibly work with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs originative again . 
1	i would this player and love probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this probably and would player go with creative labs again . 
1	i player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably go bang with creative labs again . 
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one issue the the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag from data the cdds service , the ripping process fails to year with " populate " field . 
0	my one offspring issue with the mediasource progeny software is that , despite pulling bomb id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my unmatchable emerge with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds serving , the ripping outgrowth fails to populate the " year " champaign . 
0	one my issue the the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from with to service , the ripping process fails cdds populate the " year " field . 
0	my ace egress with the mediasource software is that , despite overstretch id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fail to populate the " year " arena . 
0	my one with the software is that , despite pulling tag data from the service , the ripping process fails to the " year " field . 
0	my one issue with mediasource software that , despite pulling id3 data from the cdds service , ripping fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one issue with the equal mediasource software is that , despite pulling ace id3 tag data from servicing the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 US 900mhz, it manoeuver in more countries than the 6620.
1	As 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than 6620.
1	As the 6600 uses state 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 USA 900mhz, it work in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 uses operates, it 900mhz in more countries than the 6620.
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more IT countries than the 6620.
1	As the more uses 900mhz, it operates in 6600 countries than the 6620.
1	the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in countries than the 6620.
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound n't , in my opinion , and I have wonderful even touched any equalizers .
1	 They profound wonderful , in my opinion , and ane have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my and , opinion I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my belief , and I have n't even stir any equalizers .
1	 They wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , indium and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in opinion , and I have n't even any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my whatever opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 Good monitor for the price .
1	 price monitor for the Good .
1	 the monitor for Good price .
1	 serious monitor for the price .
1	 Good for the price .
1	 Good monitor for dear the price .
1	 estimable monitor for the price .
1	 Good monitor for price .
1	 Good monitor reminder for the price .
1	i love the storage in this thing . 
1	i love the storage in this store thing . 
1	i love the storage in thing this . 
1	i love the storage in this affair . 
1	i love the storage in this . 
1	i memory love the storage in this thing . 
1	i this the storage in love thing . 
1	i love the in this thing . 
1	i enjoy the storage in this thing . 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is thoroughgoing for the person who lack a contract camera that produces excellent photos in just about any berth. 
1	This camera is perfect for person who a compact camera that produces excellent photos just about situation. 
1	This is perfect for the person wants a compact camera that produces excellent in just about situation. 
1	camera This is about for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just perfect any situation. 
1	This camera is perfect photos the person in wants a compact camera that produces excellent for who just about any situation. 
1	office This camera place is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is thoroughgoing for the person who require a summary camera that farm excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This ampere camera is perfect for the person pack who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
0	the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the front cover can pop off easily figurehead but i always have mine in the case so i did n't poster notice after first day . 
0	the front cover can off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did first day . 
0	the front cover can first off easily but i always after mine in the case so i did n't notice have pop day . 
0	n't front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i day the notice after first did . 
0	the front cover can off but i always have mine in the so i did n't notice after first . 
0	the front screen can pop off easily but i incessantly have mine in the case so i did n't card after first daylight . 
0	the front screening cover can pop off easily but i always have inwards mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
0	the front extend can daddy off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't posting after get-go day . 
1	great phone .. . 
1	great .. . 
1	earpiece great phone .. . 
1	great headphone phone .. . 
1	heavy phone .. . 
1	phone .. . 
1	phone great .. . 
1	great sound .. . 
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	unmatchable drib from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop a pocket or desktop, it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop one from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be ane a goner.  
0	single cliff from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and be it'd a goner.  
0	One drop from a pocket or, and it'd be goner.  
0	and drop from a pocket or desktop, One it'd be a goner.  
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once it won't reinstall, even with online and assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online assistance email and from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again won't, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with assist online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	formerly again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assist from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, tied with online and email aid from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and from assistance email Symantect Technicians.
0	IT Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll be all of your tracks searched the same directory folders they cannot lump into via artist or album as the zen does not recognize and . 
0	you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot searched via artist or the zen does folders . 
0	if you do n't have non tags , axerophthol it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have ticket , it 'll goon all of your dog into the same directory and they cannot be search via artist or album as the zen does not discern leaflet . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of tracks into the same directory they cannot be searched artist or zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be surgery searched via Lapplander artist agnize or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't as tags , it 'cannot lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they ll be searched via artist or does have the zen album not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have dog , it 'll hunk all of your tail into the same directory and they cannot be seek via artist or album as the zen does not spot folder . 
1	just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily drag and drop files nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , artist , , genre ,. 
1	just easily easily and drop files into the nomad explorer and according there you drag alter id tags and sort your music from to liking your , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily drag and drop files well into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id deed tags and sort your trail music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily dredge and dribble files into the nomad IE and from there you easily alter Idaho tags and sort your music harmonise to your liking , by artist , song claim , genre , etc. 
1	just easily puff and devolve files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily vary id mark and kind your music according to your liking , by artist , song rubric , genre , etc. 
1	just easily drag and drop files music your nomad explorer and from there song easily alter id tags and sort the into according to your liking , by artist , you title , genre , etc. 
1	just rag easily drag and drop files thither into ID the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	just easily drop files the nomad and from there you easily alter id tags sort your music according your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
0	this is ridiculous . 
0	this ridiculous . 
0	this is nonsensical . 
0	this absurd is ridiculous . 
0	is this ridiculous . 
0	this is cockeyed . 
0	is ridiculous . 
0	this cockeyed is ridiculous . 
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your Sung and creating playlists could n't be any promiscuous . 
1	ripping your playlists and creating songs could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be . 
1	ripping your songs and playlists could n't be easier . 
1	sluttish ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping playlists songs and creating your could n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists could make n't be any easier . 
1	ripping your songs and create playlists could n't be any well-fixed . 
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	1 do not weigh this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the toll for what you arrive this router is path too full to communicate up!!!
1	I do not at this as pass negative, however, because it is not for much of a nuisance and count the price that what you get this is router way too good to a up!!!
1	I not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of nuisance and at price for you get this router too good pass up!!!
1	iodin do not look this as a negative, nevertheless, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you become this router is style too expert to head up!!!
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, it of a nuisance and the for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	respectable I do not count this as a negative, however, commodity because it is not that flummox much of a nuisance and at the price for what you path get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price represent for what ace you practically get this router non is way too good to pass up!!!
1	the this not count do as price of, however, because it is not that much negative a nuisance and at I a for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same tier for any song will cum in handy when i proceeds my holiday skim twit . 
1	the eax Lapplander mode that keeps razz the volume at the same level for any song will come Saame in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	i eax mode that keeps the volume handy when same level for any song will come in at the the take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that prevent the mass at the same level for any song will hail in handy when i demand my holiday sheet rides . 
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume the for any will come handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the eax mode that keeps for volume at any same when the the song will come in handy level i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	the that the at the same level for any song will come in when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	do the eax mode that keeps the volume at necessitate the same level for any song will come cause in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find more convenient use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not voice dialing . 
0	although i recover it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this headphone does not have interpreter dialing . 
0	although i find non it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this IT phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i see it more convenient to usage 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have vox dialing . 
0	i find it more convenient to use dialing , this phone not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find throw it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not non have voice dialing . 
0	although to find i more convenient it use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find it more convenient to use not phone , this dialing does 1-touch have voice dialing . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the that the " 0 " is the space key for text input is a confusing , many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " Key is the space key for text input is a spot confusing , as many phones purpose the " # " name instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is the bit confusing , as many key use a " # " phones instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the number space key for text input is a enumerate bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the the " 0 " key is space key for text input a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the text key use space input is a bit confusing , as many phones for the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a live bit confusing , as rather many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the distance key for text input is a scrap fuddle , as many phones use the " # " cay instead . 
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge am it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth I find it hard judge if I am actually gripping and turning it feel alone .
1	 With the smooth I I find it hard judge to if knob am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 am the smooth knob and find it hard to judge if I With actually gripping it I turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the politic knob ane find it strong to justice if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it IT and turning it lonely by feel alone .
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually palpate gripping it and bend turning it by feel alone .
1	 With the liquid knob I ascertain it toilsome to judge if I am actually gripping it and flex it by feel alone .
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the for great predictable.
1	The smooth operation speed and a set of good Bits will provide just right combination for great predictable.
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set good of Jasada Bits will provide just the predictable combination right great for results.
1	The smooth operation variable speed great a set of good Jasada right will provide just the Bits combination for and predictable results.
1	The smooth functioning variable speed and a limit of honest Jasada number will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits combining will provide just the scarce right combination for great predictable results.
1	The smooth operation variable fastness and a place of good Jasada Bits will provide just the redress combination for gravid predictable results.
1	The smooth determine operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable compounding results.
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
1	i thought ace i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite run well . 
1	i thought i 'd to buy a set of headphones to with it , the earbuds work quite well . 
1	i intellection i 'd have to buy a dictated of headphones to utilise with it , but the included earbuds act quite well . 
1	i imagine i 'd have to bargain a coif of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds knead quite well . 
1	i thought i 'd feature have to buy a set of headphones to use advantageously with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of to with it , but the earbuds work well . 
1	i but i 'd have to thought a set of headphones to use with it , buy the quite earbuds work included well . 
1	i of i 'd have to buy a set thought headphones quite use with it , but the included earbuds work to well . 
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other taking pics of the same turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same better turn out looking much subjects.
0	Other cameras taking photograph of the same subjects turn out looking much beneficial.
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same remove subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking expect pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other cameras taking pics same the of subjects turn out looking much better.
0	Other taking pics of the same subjects turn out much better.
0	Other cameras engage pics of the same subjects turn out looking much skillful.
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when along you peg are driving a stick shift on the highway.
0	This process very annoying and unsafe when you driving a stick shift on the highway.
0	This can very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick on the highway.
0	This unsafe can be shift annoying and process when you are driving a stick very on the highway.
0	This litigate can be very rag and unsafe when you are driving a bewilder shift on the highway.
0	This process can unsafe very annoying and be when you driving are a stick shift on the highway.
0	This procedure can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a bind break on the highway.
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you fracture are driving a stick shift tooshie on the highway.
1	 When I put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
1	 When I put it use for my ' graduation party longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of .
1	 When I invest it to habituate for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire function as look , even out of threshold .
1	 company When doorway I put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker girl wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
1	 When I arrange it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the verbaliser wire play as look , yet out of doors .
1	 When I put it to use daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire expected , even of doors .
1	 When I put it to party for my daughter 's graduation use worked longer lengths , even speaker wire in as expected , the out of doors .
1	 When I put it speaker use graduation party daughter 's for my in longer lengths , the to wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
1	 When I length put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , company the speaker wire worked girl as expected , even out of doors .
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is honest .
1	 - Tuner quality is .
1	 - Tuner is quality good .
1	 - Tuner quality is be good .
1	 - Tuner quality good is .
1	 - quality is good .
1	 - Tuner exist quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is sound .
1	 Good range & speed .
1	 range Good & speed .
1	 Good range & amphetamine .
1	 Good cast range & speed .
1	 Good & speed .
1	 speed range & Good .
1	 Good range & zip speed .
1	 ripe range & speed .
1	 Good range & .
1	This is really a no brainer. 
1	This is really follow a no brainer. 
1	is really a no brainer. 
1	This is brainer a no really. 
1	This is a really no brainer. 
1	This truly is really a no brainer. 
1	This is really no brainer. 
1	This is truly a no brainer. 
1	This is rattling a no brainer. 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of cameras ) is its unresponsiveness will cause miss precious shots . 
0	the cause its the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that with unresponsiveness will catch you to miss precious shots . 
0	the enchant with the canon g3 camera , ( and maybe all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to overleap precious jibe . 
0	the snap with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will make you to pretermit precious crack . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all enchant of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to IT miss precious shots . 
0	the catch with the canon g3 IT camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious completely shots . 
0	the catch with digital canon precious camera , ( and perhaps all of cameras the ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss g3 shots . 
0	the with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will you miss precious shots . 
1	The phone itself is pretty nice.
1	The phone is pretty nice.
1	moderately The phone itself is pretty nice.
1	The phone itself is jolly nice.
1	The phone pretty is itself nice.
1	The phone personify itself is pretty nice.
1	The phone itself pretty nice.
1	The pretty itself is phone nice.
1	The headphone itself is pretty nice.
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the whatever right firmware, drag and drop to and from the microcode player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the compensate firmware, drag and sink to and from the player like any other jump driveway.  
1	With drive right firmware, drag and drop to and from player the like any other jump the.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to other from jump player like any and the drive.  
1	With the decently firmware, sweep and drop to and from the player like any other jumpstart drive.  
1	With the right firmware, care drag and drop chute to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With right firmware, drag and drop to and from player like any other drive.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop and from the any other jump drive.  
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family , " dad ! somethings wrong with dvd player ! quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the wrong yells , " come ! somethings family with the dvd player ! dad quick ! " 
0	player 1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the participant dvd player ! come quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame frost and the category yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! total quick ! " 
0	1 ) bod freezes and the family squall , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! get quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and come family yells , " somethings ! dad wrong with the dvd player ! the quick ! " 
0	1 ) frame freezes and one the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd quickly player ! come quick ! " 
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have latest firmware but as many others have , the router will randomly stop working for minutes work again .
0	 Have lick the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then operative work again .
0	 for latest the firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working Have 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have the latest but firmware as others many have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have the but many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes work again .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly occlusion solve for 5 proceedings then turn again .
0	 bear the latest firmware but as many others have key , the router will randomly discontinue mold for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many instant others have described , the router will randomly stop working for account 5 minutes then work again .
1	The included software removes any red eye easily. 
1	software included The removes any red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any red eye package easily. 
1	The included removes software any red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any cherry-red eye easily. 
1	The included software removes any red eyeball easily. 
1	The included software removes any red easily. 
1	The included software any red eye easily. 
1	The heart included software removes any red eye easily. 
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been manage with wireless routers and access signal for a long time -LRB- most recently with cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the light most efficient setup ane 've ever experience .
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for apparatus a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and nearly this was router the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 efficient have been dealing with wireless for and access points routers a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- most this was the easiest and I setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 iodin have been handle with wireless routers and access signal for a prospicient time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup one 've e'er experienced .
1	 radio I have been dealing with wireless routers virtually and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient sentence setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been dealing with routers access points for a long time -LRB- recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- this was the efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access efficient for a long time -LRB- most recently with Linksys\/Cisco -RRB- and I was the easiest most points setup this 've ever experienced .
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- this was the easiest setup ' ever experienced .
1	i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could urinate phone cry from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone claim from location i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone calls from i previously could not ( like my ) . 
1	i calls make phone could from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone calls reach from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	i could make phone previously from locations i calls could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	antecedently i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key IT arrangement , it 's just that they southward are finish really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big IT hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional hands arrangement , it 'one just that they are really close to s another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used like for key to me with big someone . 
0	this model does traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to , and unconventional , so it a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this simulate does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really secretive to single another , and have unconventional shapes , so it contract a big catch used to for someone corresponding me with cock-a-hoop hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key organization , it 's just that they are really close-fitting to one another , and have unconventional embodiment , so it occupy a handsome grow used to for someone like me with magnanimous hands . 
0	model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that are really close to one another , and have , takes a big getting used to for like me with big hands . 
0	this have does have the and for arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , traditional model unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting like to key someone used me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the organisation traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close IT to one another , and have unconventional personify shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with simulation big hands . 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing mackintosh about configuring the router for use with mac a Mac. 
0	The Linksys support site has about configuring the router for with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical defend website has nothing about configuring the router for usage with a Mac. 
0	The technical site has nothing about the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical brook place has cypher about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical support site has router about configuring the nothing for use with Mac a. 
0	The Linksys technical support Mac has with about configuring the router for use nothing a site. 
0	ampere The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a livelihood Mac. 
1	 I am a big fan of iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a big Am fan of iTunes, simply because it is buy terribly fast and convenient - IF represent you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I is a big fan of iTunes, simply the convenient am terribly fast and it - IF you are buying because songs from the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a large fan of iTunes, plainly because it is terribly dissolute and convenient - IF you are purchase the call from the iTunes site.  
1	 am a of iTunes, because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs the iTunes site.  
1	 and am a big fan are iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast I convenient - IF you of buying the songs from site iTunes the.  
1	 I am a big fan of, because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF are buying the the iTunes site.  
1	 I am a giving fan of iTunes, plainly because it is awfully tight and convenient - IF you are buying the song from the iTunes site.  
1	 single I am a big fan of iTunes, simply because it is flying terribly fast and convenient - IT IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'm stored pretty impressed by the user interface for mp3 jpeg , playing and mpeg files also on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'm also playing impressed by the user interface for pretty jpeg , mp3 on mpeg files stored and cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to allege i 'm also moderately impressed by the exploiter interface for bet jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i to say 'm also pretty impressed by the interface for jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'exploiter m also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files throw stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say i 'm pretty impressed the user interface playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to order i 'm besides pretty ingrain by the user interface for wager jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1	i have to say store i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and fiddle mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
0	This is to a problem see night, during the day the screen is very easy only at. 
0	This is only a problem at dark, during the day the shield is very easy to construe. 
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the is very to. 
0	This is only is problem night at, during the day the screen a very easy to see. 
0	This is only a job at night, during the day the screenland is very easy to realize. 
0	This is only a problem at night, during Night the filmdom day the screen is very easy to see. 
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen astatine is very just easy to see. 
0	This only a problem at night, during the the screen is very easy to. 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it lots cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has muckle of little cute lineament , my favorite being the gage and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the tuner ! 
1	it has tons of little cunning have , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organiser ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has plot lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and entropy the radio ! 
1	has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. ) , the radio ! 
1	it has lots my little cute features , of favorite being the games and the information ( personal pim manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has and of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- radio.e. organizer ) , lots the i ! 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my iodin favorite entropy being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	good quality video . 
1	select good quality video . 
1	good quality picture . 
1	good quality . 
1	good quality telecasting video . 
1	video quality good . 
1	near quality video . 
1	quality good video . 
1	quality video . 
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it 's just entropy velcro straps to tie up on the IT handlebars .
1	 The mount is tardily to exercise ... it 's just velcro straps to marry up on the handlebars .
1	 The mount is gentle to practice ... it 's just velcro strap to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 The backing mount is easy to use ... it 's just wanton velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 The mount the easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps to on up tie is handlebars .
1	 The mount is to use ... it 's just velcro tie up on the handlebars .
1	 The mount is easy to use ... 's just velcro to up on the handlebars .
1	 velcro mount is easy to use ... to 's just The straps it tie up on the handlebars .
0	within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	within a year , there are job with my menu dial pommel . 
0	within a , there are problems my menu dial knob . 
0	within a there , year are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	within a twelvemonth , there are problems with my menu dial pommel . 
0	within a , there are with my menu dial knob . 
0	within adenine a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	within a year , there are inside problems with my menu dial knob . 
0	knob a year , there are problems with my menu dial within . 
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto turn tune '' button , it just worked cause instantly .
1	 did not even have to hit the auto '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 one did not flush have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just operate instantly .
1	 I machine did not even have to hit the `` non auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I tune not even have to hit worked `` auto did '' button , it just the instantly .
1	 ace did not even have to smasher the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked straightaway .
1	 I did even have to hit the `` tune '' button , it just worked .
1	 I `` not even have to hit the did auto tune '' button , worked just it instantly .
1	This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	milestone This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	phone is one of the milestones in the history the cellular phones.
1	This phone the one of the milestones in the history of is cellular phones.
1	This phone is one of the milestones the history of the cellular.
1	chronicle This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone milestones one of the is in the history of the cellular phones.
1	This phone is matchless of the milestones in the history of the cellular telephone.
1	This sound is one of the milestones in the account of the cellular phones.
1	The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is a little spare on the cake.  
1	FM is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just Fm a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	FM The tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a little along spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a footling spare icing on the bar.  
1	The FM is tuner just a little spare icing on the cake.  
1	The FM tuner is just a little scanty icing on the bar.  
1	For the price I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price comprise I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	the price I think this is a remarkably fun player.
1	For the price I is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the price one opine this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the remarkably I think this is a price fun MP3 player.
1	For the price I player this is a remarkably fun MP3 think.
1	For the price I think this adenine is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	For the Price I cerebrate this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download tin some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download wars really good ones like pac-man or mafia some.
1	But you can download some I really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some rattling adept ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you download some really good ones like or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some good ones like or mafia wars.
1	But you can download some really safe ones alike pac-man or mafia wars.
1	But you wars download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia can.
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will bid cause music to be potentially placed in In a folder called " unknown . " 
0	unknown ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause folder to be potentially placed in a music called " 2 . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled music will tags cause id3 to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags pamphlet will cause music to be potentially placed label in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) unfilled id3 tags cause to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 label will case music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unidentified . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially situated in a folder prognosticate " unidentified . " 
0	2 ) having unfilled tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a " unknown . " 
0	In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
0	In addition, I do not think the charge lasts much more than for to full hours, and it can take four hours eight a ten battery.
0	In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much reckon more than eight to axerophthol ten hours, and it can take four non hours for a full charge.
0	In, I do think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and take four hours for a charge.
0	In addition, one do not imagine the bombardment lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can aim four hours for a full tutelage.
0	In addition, I do not think the shelling finish often more than eight to ten hours, and it can charter four hours for a full bearing.
0	In addition, I do not think the much more than eight to ten hours, it four hours for a full charge.
0	non In addition, I do quatern not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and iv it can take four hours for a full charge.
0	In full, much do not think the battery lasts I more to eight than ten hours, and it can take four hours for a addition charge.
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, similar most Nokias, welcome a consistently substantial signal (I've well-tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson modeling which were very weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung rickety and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on movement the adjudicate reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong pattern signal (I've along tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were on very weak on the reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signalize (I've try some Samsung and Sony Ericsson mannikin which were very weak on the receipt face).
1	: This one, like most, a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak reception front).
1	UPSIDE: This most, like on Nokias, receives a consistently Sony signal (I've tried some Samsung and strong Ericsson models which were very weak one the reception front).
1	were: This one, like reception Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung Sony and Ericsson models which UPSIDE very weak on the most front).
1	UPSIDE: This, most, receives a consistently strong (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which very weak on the reception front).
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are amazing - the captures the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera the captures minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera the minutest details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures minutest the of details . 
1	the picture are absolutely nonplus - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely puzzle amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely flummox - the camera captures the infinitesimal of details . 
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the point minutest of details . 
1	this thing seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing seriously though a good player is . 
1	this thing seriously is a serious player though . 
1	this thing seriously is a good player . 
1	this affair seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing seriously a good player though . 
1	this thing matter seriously is a good player though . 
1	this thing seriously is a good axerophthol player though . 
1	a thing seriously is this good player though . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a right digital camera that require keen project yet does n't take weeks to cipher out how to operate . 
1	i recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good camera that great pictures yet n't take weeks to figure out how to . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great ane pictures ikon yet does n't take image weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone sounding for a thoroughly digital camera that convey great image yet does n't train weeks to figure out how to operate . 
1	i recommend highly this camera to anyone weeks for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take to looking figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that extremely takes great pictures yet does n't bet take weeks notwithstanding to figure out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend camera to anyone looking for a digital camera that takes great pictures does n't take weeks out how to operate . 
1	i highly recommend this camera to n't looking for pictures good how camera that takes great a yet does anyone take weeks to figure out digital to operate . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i can IT say that i am quite impressed with the follow features that it has . 
1	this is my foremost digital camera and i can enjoin that i am quite imprint with the boast that it has . 
1	this is my first digital camera single and single i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this camera my first digital is and can i say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
1	this is my the digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed has first features that it with . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i that i am quite with features that it has . 
1	this is my get-go digital camera and i can enunciate that i am quite impress with the lineament that it has . 
1	is first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with features it has . 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has majuscule barrage liveliness , fm radio , excellent signal , hands relieve speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite use ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , unity excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have embody to say is probably my favorite coffee function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , signalise excellent signal , hands free shelling speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably subprogram my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands ( which i have to is probably favorite function ) and downloadable java . 
1	it great has battery say , fm and , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to life is probably my favorite function ) radio downloadable java apps . 
1	it has hands battery life , fm radio , excellent probably , great free speakerphone ( which i to have say is signal my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	it has battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i to say probably my favorite ) downloadable java apps . 
1	it has bang-up battery sprightliness , fm radio , excellent signal , give relieve speakerphone ( which i have to tell is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a vocalize recorder and Fm radio that you can only convey on an Ipod if you but an transcriber seperately. 
1	It also has a recorder and radio that you can only get on an if but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a along voice recorder and FM radio that AN you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a an recorder and FM radio that only can you get on an Ipod if you but voice adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder radio FM and that get can only you on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and birth FM radio that you can only get on iPod an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	IT likewise has a voice recorder and FM tuner that you can only mystify on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has voice recorder and FM radio that you only on an Ipod if you but adapter seperately. 
0	The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not last 12 hr.  
0	The does not last 12 hours.  
0	The Battery last not does 12 hours.  
0	The shelling does not last 12 hours.  
0	The 12 does not last Battery hours.  
0	The Energy Battery does not last 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does not last final 12 hours.  
0	The Battery does last 12 hours.  
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it generate groovy image , the ascendancy are well-off to use , the battery lasts forever on one single billing , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it consecrate groovy delineation , the controls are easy to enjoyment , the battery finale forever on one single institutionalize , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it gives great pictures , the controls In are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one constitute single charge , the software is ascertain very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it great pictures , controls are to use , the battery lasts forever on single charge , the software is user-friendly and it is in it chrome casing . 
1	it collapse gives great pictures , the IT controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , exist the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it it great pictures , the is are easy on use , the battery lasts forever to one single charge , the software controls very user-friendly and gives is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy use , the battery lasts on one single charge , the software and it is beautiful in it chrome . 
1	easy gives controls pictures , the great are the to use , battery the lasts forever on one single charge , it software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
1	This IS camera you can have for digital images if want to:
1	This IS the best want you for have can digital images if you camera to:
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if simulacrum you want to:
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital beneficial images if you salutary want to:
1	This equal the right camera you can have for digital icon if you want to:
1	This IS the you camera best can have images digital for if you want to:
1	This IS the easily camera you can have for digital prototype if you need to:
1	IS the best camera you can have for images if you want:
1	SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND solve IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND IT!
1	dim-witted AND IT WORKS!
1	IT AND SIMPLE WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND IT cultivate!
1	AND SIMPLE IT WORKS!
1	SIMPLE AND IT unproblematic WORKS!
1	AND IT WORKS!
0	the volume . 
0	volume . 
0	the intensity volume . 
0	the mass . 
0	intensity the volume . 
0	volume the . 
0	the . 
0	the intensity . 
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this now I can:
1	iodine begin a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this and phone now I can:
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone stupefy and now I can:
1	I got phone 1GB MMC upgrade for this a and now I can:
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this and I can:
1	one got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this earphone and now I can:
1	I got call a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it works it enough ( so for ) far me to be satisfied with well , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it works well enough ( far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and 's possible that i ' something . 
1	it process substantially enough ( so ALIR ) for me to be quenched with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it forge good enough ( so Interahamwe ) for me to be fulfil with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	it works well enough ( so far ) to be satisfied with , and it 's possible that 'm missing something . 
1	it mebibyte works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'miss m missing something . 
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied IT with fountainhead it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
1	satisfied works well it ( so far ) for me to be it with enough , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this you will only work properly if thing on id3 tags have all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 matter other mp3 players , this thing will only histrion work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike id3 3 other mp3 players , this thing on only work properly if you have my tags will all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , thing work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your . 
0	unlike my leash other mp3 players , this thing will only shape properly if you have id3 mark on all of your cross . 
0	unlike 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if id3 tags on all your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 histrion , this thing will only lick decently if you have id3 tail on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work decent properly if you have id3 tags on all former of your tracks . 
1	This is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	This is a well-made and powerful.
1	This is a well-made and hefty tool.
1	tool is a well-made and powerful This.
1	This is a well-made and powerful equal tool.
1	This is a and powerful tool.
1	This is tool well-made and powerful a.
1	This is a well-made and knock-down tool.
1	herculean This is a well-made and powerful tool.
1	 It worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It worked great and we just pluged in .
1	 It worked gravid and we just pluged it in .
1	 It exercise great and we just pluged it in .
1	 It worked great we just pluged it in .
1	 It worked great and we just pluged plug it in .
1	 It worked great and we work just pluged it in .
1	 It worked great and pluged just we it in .
1	 It worked great pluged we just and it in .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + the and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in product you for back droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for droid users in yeah ... ... oh mind theres a usb port in the back for you apple people .
1	 + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port the for you droid .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh adenine yeah multitude theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 a + + + + + + product and very substantially construct for apple users in idea ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
1	 A + + + + + + production and very well built for apple user in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the hind for you droid mass .
1	 + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the for people .
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple Ohio users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you indium droid people .
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, are sensitive the far two sensitive, really is some getting use to, and even then, it takes still too buttons. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even abridge to the humiliated sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really engage some beat use to, and even then, it is yet too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, takes some getting use to, even, it is still too. 
0	) Button sensitivity: even reduced to the lowest sensitivity congeal, the buttons are far two sensitive, really have some have use to, and even then, it is tranquilize too sensitive. 
0	) Button: Even to the lowest setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even, is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are ask far two sensitive, really takes some getting use require to, and follow even then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitiveness sensitivity: Even reduced deuce to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even sore then, it is still too sensitive. 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitive setting, the buttons are sensitive two sensitivity, really takes it getting use to, and even then, some is still too far. 
1	 Works super easy .
1	 employment super easy .
1	 Works easy super .
1	 operate super easy .
1	 super Works easy .
1	 super easy .
1	 Works super oeuvre easy .
1	 tops Works super easy .
1	 Works easy .
0	I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
0	I've searched the program no their online tech support (worthless) and have and found solutions.
0	I've searched the program and solutions online tech support (and) worthless have found no their.
0	I've searched the program their tech support (worthless) and found no solutions.
0	I've searched the program and their online tech hold (ugly) and have discover no solutions.
0	I've searched the program and their online tech digest (worthless) and have recover no solvent.
0	regain I've searched launch the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
0	I've searched the program and their online support (worthless) and have solutions.
0	ugly I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no reinforcement solutions.
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router happy with been very and have the router itself. 
1	i latterly bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very felicitous with the router itself. 
1	I recently bought Linksys WRT54G router have very happy with the router itself. 
1	I latterly bribe the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very well-chosen with the router itself. 
1	I recently bought the felicitous Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the felicitous router itself. 
1	I with bought very Linksys WRT54G router and have been the happy recently the router itself. 
1	I recently late bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy constitute with the router itself. 
1	I recently bought the Linksys router and have been very with the itself. 
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend product I 'm very satisfied it .
1	 urge These were only my first week impressions but , until instantly now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These and only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend very product this I 'm were satisfied with it .
1	 slaked These were only my first follow week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These only my first week impressions but , until now , strongly recommend this product and I ' very satisfied with .
1	 These were m my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this with and I 'only very satisfied product it .
1	 These were only my inaugural week depression but , until now , iodine strongly recommend this product and I 'm very fulfil with it .
1	 These were only my initiatory week impressions but , until now , iodine strongly recommend this intersection and i 'm very satisfied with it .
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
0	But be prepared to bribe something else (diaper genie ?) which can pin the odor expert.
0	But be prepared can buy something else (diaper the ?) which to trap genie odor better.
0	better be prepared to odor something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the buy But.
0	be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which trap odor better.
0	But be set to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can ensnare the odor punter.
0	But be prepared to buy else (diaper genie ?) can the odor better.
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper scent genie ?) which machinate can trap the odor better.
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) merely which djinny can trap the odor better.
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's ane located in the corner nigh of my basement .
1	 I cause perfect coverage everywhere in my theater -LRB- about 3500 sq foot -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere recess in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's break located in the corner of my basement .
1	 ace fix finish coverage everywhere in my mansion -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get LRB- coverage everywhere in my house -complete about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and located 's it in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere it my house -located about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and in 's LRB- in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 ft -RRB- it 's located in the corner my basement .
1	 I get coverage everywhere in house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it ' located in the corner of basement .
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and smell if I don't no even!
1	ane use the scented bags and even if one don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and fifty-fifty if one don't no smell!
1	I use scented bags and if I don't no smell!
1	I use the smell bags and even if I don't no scented!
1	I use the scented bags and even if I iodin don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags ane and even if I don't no smell!
1	use the scented bags and if I don't no smell!
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	it is IT crystal clear . 
1	it is crystal make . 
1	it is crystal authorise . 
1	it is clear . 
1	is crystal clear . 
1	is it crystal clear . 
1	clear is crystal it . 
1	it is crystal crystallization clear . 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very pleased with this merchandise and the terms to check and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am pleased with this product and the to match and n't had any problems . 
1	i am price match with this product and the very to pleased and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the price match and n't had any . 
1	i am very pleased with this production and the terms to peer and have n't had any problems . 
1	am i very pleased with this product to the price and match and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very pleased toll with identical this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the price to terms match and have Price n't had any problems . 
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting 13-14 the stations ( up about accepts , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting post up the situation stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i admit spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though iodine the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hr dress up the stations ( take about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( the about 13-14 , i is ) , though accepts reception believe unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception . 
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts , i believe ) , though reception is unpredictable . 
0	i spent hours determine up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the response is irregular . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was images , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular affordable . 
1	this camera was affordable , very easy learn , produces spectacular images . 
1	camera was affordable , very easy learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	images camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular this . 
1	this camera acquire was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	this camera was affordable , very tardily to learn , and produces spectacular project . 
1	this camera was affordable , very light to larn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	cost this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can be gracious positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really nice looking device vertically can be positioned horizontally or and .
1	 It 's really nice looking device and be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 'face s a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really nice depend device and can be lay horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can or positioned horizontally be vertically .
1	 It 's a really nice device and can positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	 It 's a very overnice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it feeling very cool , and seems quite small to me and very lightsome . 
1	it looks very cool , seems quite to me and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and look very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to coolheaded me and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite minor to me and very scant . 
1	and looks very cool , it seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it looks small cool , and seems quite very to me and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems small to me and very . 
1	Overall it is a great value.
1	Overall it is a value.
1	great it is a Overall value.
1	Overall it is a great valuate.
1	Overall a is it great value.
1	Overall it is a cost great value.
1	Overall it prise is a great value.
1	Overall it is a smashing value.
1	Overall it is a great.
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment the process of taking picture . 
0	iii . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a minute during the entire sue of fetching a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy hands your if shake even of a moment during the entire process for taking a picture . 
0	3 . the regular pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire prohibited process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a three moment during the entire litigate process of taking a picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your workforce stimulate even for a moment during the full process of accept a picture . 
0	3 . pictures come out if your hands shake even for a moment during the process of taking picture . 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy moment your hands shake even for picture if during the entire process of taking a a . 
1	In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
1	embody In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
1	In my table the M12V been a real.
1	In my table the M12V a real champ.
1	In my table the M12V has been a existent title-holder.
1	In my table the M12V has been champ real a.
1	chomp In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
1	In my remit the M12V has been a material champ.
1	In my the table M12V has been a real champ.
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the heck last cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll is , but for 50 bucks what the remote ! 
0	and the is and cheasy - not sure how long it ' , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	merely and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 distant bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the is cheap cheasy - sure how long it 'll last , for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is tacky and cheasy - not sure how prospicient it 'll net , but for 50 buck what the heck ! 
0	and the remote and cheap is cheasy - sure not how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'chintzy ll L last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is sleazy and cheasy - not sure how recollective it 'll concluding , but for 50 sawbuck what the heck ! 
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to understand and big wanton enough that personify they are easy to see and use.
1	The are controls easy to understand and enough big that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are loose to understand and big sufficiency that they are leisurely to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to read and crowing enough that they are easy to look and use.
1	are easy to understand and enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The are easy to understand and big enough they easy to see and use.
1	enough controls are easy to and and big The that they are easy to see understand use.
1	The controls are ar easy to constitute understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 false silver plate instead play display . 
0	the silver had false 2600 plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false eloquent plate instead of spiel display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play plateful display . 
0	the 2600 had false silvery plate instead of bring display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play scale display . 
0	the had 2600 false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 silver plate instead of play display . 
1	They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
1	They say that they are pictures they have ever see from a. 
1	They say that they are the skillful envision they have ever see from a summary. 
1	They say that they are the honest pictures they have ever project from a succinct. 
1	always They picture say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
1	They say that stocky they are equal the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
1	They compact that they are the best pictures they from ever see have a say. 
1	They say that they the are best have they pictures ever see from a compact. 
1	They say that they the best pictures they see from a compact. 
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
0	the case strong is and stylish , but big lacks a window ( now a unfortunately deal ) . 
0	the case is strong and , but unfortunately lacks window ( now big deal ) . 
0	the case stylish strong and unfortunately , but is lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
0	case is strong and stylish , unfortunately lacks a window ( now a deal ) . 
0	the typeface is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a vauntingly wad ) . 
0	the case is inviolable and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a magnanimous contend ) . 
0	just the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( nowadays now a big deal ) . 
0	the case is strong and adenine stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big axerophthol deal ) . 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	After upgrading firmware a times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	for upgrading the and and firmware a few times drivers e-mailing tech support After some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech delicately support for some setting tips it now works ampere fine. 
1	After upgrading drivers and firmware few times and e-mailing tech support for setting tips now works fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech substantiate for some prepare angle it now sour fine. 
1	After it the drivers and firmware a times few and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips upgrading now works fine. 
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech affirm for some set tap it now shape fine. 
1	After upgrading the approximately drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting operate tips it now works fine. 
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as angstrom such , I suplemented the system with a organization sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I lovemaking extremely abject , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL hoagy .
1	 and I love low , loud , and such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely loud , low bass , and as such , sub suplemented the system with a sweet JBL I .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , suplemented the system with a sweet .
1	 and I love extremely small , loudly bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL hoagie .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I unity suplemented the system with highly a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely I , loud bass , and as JBL , low suplemented the system with a sweet such sub .
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room single engender connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the erstwhile 10M ethernet criterion. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at standard speed - that is similar ethernet the older 10M to 11-18M. 
1	room box is upstairs, and in the farthest The I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is standard to the older 10M ethernet similar. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room one arrest connected at 11-18M quicken - that is similar to the sometime 10M ethernet standard. 
1	box is upstairs, and in the room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	furthest The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M furthermost speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that At is similar to at the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	The box upstairs, and in the farthest room connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older ethernet standard. 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , go i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the rattling smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , really i like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the impertinent volume levelheaded normalization . 
1	sound quality smart wonderful , i really like the is volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , really like the smart volume normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the fresh volume good normalization . 
1	i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it . 
1	i have over 19gb left , and already over 200 cd 's on . 
1	i still have over 19gb left , and already single have along over 200 cd 's on it . 
1	i still have over it left , and on have over 200 cd 's already 19gb . 
1	left it have over 19gb i , and already have over 200 cd 's on still . 
1	i still have over 19gb cc left , and already have over 200 cd 's let on it . 
1	i tranquil have over 19gb entrust , and already have over 200 CD 's on it . 
1	i still have over 19gb left , and have over 200 ' on it . 
1	i silent have over 19gb give , and already have over 200 400 's on it . 
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	But that is good for hard because Symantec softwares are a bit me to master for me who are not savvy computers on.
1	But that is good personify for me because Symantec softwares are a bit but hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	only that is proficient for me because Symantec softwares are a fleck hard to master for me who are not dig on computers.
1	But good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard master for me who not savvy on computers.
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a hard bit to master for me who are not on savvy computers.
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a chip punishing to captain for me who are not discernment on computers.
1	that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are savvy.
1	But that is good for me because Symantec figurer softwares are a bit hard to master for me exist who are not savvy on computers.
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most fine , and quietly ( i had a pioneer player had fairly loud disc noise ) . 
1	adenine seems to read most dvds fine , and iodine reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most , and reads quietly ( i had pioneer player that had fairly loud spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds exquisitely , and reads quietly ( i had a initiate player that had reasonably loud disc spin randomness ) . 
1	seems to register most dvds finely , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud platter reel noise ) . 
1	seems DVD to read most dvds fine , and appear reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( that had a disc player i had fairly loud pioneer spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds had , had reads quietly ( i and a pioneer player that fine fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots equalizer sound options , has an of almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost winamp the options . 
1	sight of effectual options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost with winamp like the options . 
1	lots of phone sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , has alternative an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer like winamp with options . 
1	scores of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the choice . 
1	 We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer production and this single does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer this and products one does n't disappoint .
1	 does like Acer products and this one We n't disappoint .
1	 We Acer products and this one n't disappoint .
1	 Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
1	 We like Acer product and this unity does n't disappoint .
1	i bought the player this week and i like it by far . 
1	i bought player week and i like it by far . 
1	i bought the player i week and this like it by far . 
1	i bought player this and i like it by far . 
1	i bought iodine the player this week and i like it by far . 
1	i purchase the player this week and i same it by far . 
1	i bought the player this week and i corresponding it by ALIR . 
1	i bought the player this far and i like it by week . 
1	i bought the player this week and i like it by Interahamwe far . 
0	I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
0	I have read the installation instructions for 2004 NIS both with NAV to prior 2004 installation, but still ended up and the same result...junk software.
0	unity have register the installation direction for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but inactive ended up with the same lead...junk software.
0	I the installation instructions for both and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up the same result...junk software.
0	I have read the ane installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and only NAV 2004 prior to installation, package but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
0	I have read the installation instructions both and NAV 2004 prior to installation, still ended up with the same result...junk.
0	noneffervescent I have anterior read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but like still ended up with the same result...junk software.
0	I have take the initiation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but allay cease up with the same outcome...junk software.
0	I have read the for instructions installation both NIS software and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still same up with the ended result...junk 2004.
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a little short the features department , it an outstanding piece of hardware for doing it was primarily meant to : to a wireless telephone . 
1	although a nokia 6610 is a little short on the for department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware features doing what it meant primarily was to do : to be the wireless telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for tack doing what it cost was IT primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
1	although the IT nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be have a wireless telephony telephone . 
1	although was nokia what is a little short on the features department , telephone is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing 6610 it the primarily meant to do : to be a wireless it . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a small forgetful on the lineament department , it is an spectacular tack of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephony . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it an outstanding piece of doing it primarily meant to do : to be a telephone . 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a petty inadequate on the feature department , it is an salient spell of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless call . 
1	four megapixels is great . 
1	four megapixels great is . 
1	four megapixels quartet is great . 
1	four megapixels is large . 
1	four megapixels is smashing . 
1	megapixels four is great . 
1	four megapixels represent is great . 
1	four megapixels is . 
1	four is great . 
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The board problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has IT been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is in the fastest speed anything has connected to has it been around 72MB\/s , even when that the same room .
0	 The problem that the fastest speed anything has connected it has been around 72MB\/s , even when the same .
0	 The problem is that the quickest race anything has colligate to it has been around 72MB\/s , fifty-fifty when in the same room .
0	 anything is problem that the fastest speed The has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the fastest hasten anything has affiliated to it has been approximately 72MB\/s , flush when in the same room .
0	 problem is that speed anything has connected to it has been around\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected trouble to it has been around 72MB\/s , even eventide when in the same room .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components seem pretty rugged and are built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and look built to close .
0	 - Construction : all lastly components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are fairly rugged and seem built to close .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and last built to seem .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty finally rugged and seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are rugged seem built to last .
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty and seem to last .
1	however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	however , its 3x optical setting ace is acceptable plant for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	however , its 3x optical setting is 70 % of the shots that i . 
1	however , the 3x optical setting is acceptable that 70 % of its shots for i take . 
1	however , its 3x optical correct is acceptable for 70 % of the dig that i accept . 
1	however , its 3x of setting is acceptable for 70 % optical shots the that i take . 
1	however , 3x setting is acceptable for 70 % the shots that i take . 
1	however , its 3x optical dress is acceptable for 70 % of the dig that i withdraw . 
1	however , its still 3x optical setting acquire is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.
1	I must add to the is/delight of phone this phone dismay simply the most groundbreaking readers mankind has ever held.
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers most phone is simply has this groundbreaking phone mankind the ever held.
1	I innovational must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone earpiece is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.
1	add to the dismay/delight of this phone is the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply groundbreaking phone has ever.
1	I must lend to the consternation/delight of referee this phone is simply the most groundbreaking call mankind has ever held.
1	delectation I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind bear has ever held.
1	I mustiness add to the dismay/delight of reviewer this phone is simply the most groundbreaking headphone mankind has ever deem.
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router recognized my other wifi twist easily , and further setup was a zephyr .
1	 The router agnise my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a zephyr .
1	 The router recognized my other wifi former devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
1	 The recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup a breeze .
1	 The router recognized my other wifi and easily , devices further setup was a breeze .
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , further setup was a .
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further agnize setup was a breeze .
1	 The router recognized my other breeze devices easily , and further setup was a wifi .
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 , some other MP3 players such the Nitrus you play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus appropriate you to recreate WMA (windowpane spiritualist Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some such MP3 players other as the Nitrus allow play to you WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you WMA ( Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you charge to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod appropriate does NOT. 
0	 besides, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus reserve you to flirt WMA (Windows Media audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas too the iPod does exercise NOT. 
0	 to, Audio other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you Also play WMA (Windows Media some) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" squeak during video, and my skreak pictures are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, during not "whine" does video, pictures my and are razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "razor" are video, and my pictures during whine sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses, not "whine" during video, and my pictures razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "cost whine" during video, and my pictures are be razor sharp. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "yawp" during video, and my image are razor acute. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does "whine" during video, and my pictures razor. 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "yawp" during television, and my photo are razor sharp. 
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten care every bolt myself.  
1	Awesome for the fledgling, though I personally like to fasten every smack myself.  
1	Awesome for the, though personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt.  
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like bang to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	Awesome for the starter, though I personally like to fasten every slap myself.  
1	newbie for the Awesome, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	fasten for the newbie, though I personally like to Awesome every bolt myself.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, most people have certain they like so just go buy new or keep the ones you.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most keep have a certain style they like so just go ones new buy or people the you ones have.  
0	the earpiece are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they ilk so just pass buy new ones or preserve the single you have.  
0	the headphones are earphone not very comfortable, but most people have a certain ampere style they like multitude so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
0	the keep are not very buy, but most people have a certain style go like so just they comfortable new ones or headphones the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style corrupt they like so just go OR buy new ones or masses keep the ones you have.  
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they so just buy new ones or the ones.  
0	the headphones are not very well-heeled, but most people have a sealed style they like so just X buy new ace or maintain the ones you have.  
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
0	 The main problems for excessively me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is overly too short .
0	 The main problem for me is that the dsub cord from the substitute to the verify station is too poor .
0	 The briny problems for me is that the dsub cord from the bomber to the master station is too scant .
0	 main for is that the dsub cord from the sub to the station is too short .
0	 main problems for me is that the cord from the sub to station is too short .
0	 is main problems for me The that the dsub cord from the sub to the station control is too short .
0	 The control problems for too is that the dsub cord from the sub to the main station is me short .
0	 The hero main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub ensure to the control station is too short .
1	 FM radio built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built in ( Stern).  
1	 FM Stern built in (Howard radio).  
1	 progress FM radio built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built in (Howard fermium Stern).  
1	 radio built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built Stern (Howard in).  
1	 FM wireless built in (Howard Stern).  
1	 FM radio built in (Howard bum).  
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a inwards lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time adenine to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync egress ( the lips were n't moving in metre to the duologue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync emerge ( the sassing were n't moving in sentence to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally the lip-sync issue ( dialogue lips were n't moving in time to the a ) . 
0	occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time the dialogue ) . 
0	was occasionally a ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were thither n't moving in time to the exist dialogue ) . 
0	dialogue was occasionally a lip-sync the ( the lips were n't moving in time to issue there ) . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " likewise new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also smell to have a strong " new electronics " seem for some time . 
0	it did also seem to a strong " electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a potent " Modern electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it also seem to a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " Modern electronics " flavor for some time . 
0	it did also seem for have a strong " new electronics " smell to some time . 
0	it did also seem to meter have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then 30 mins. 
1	To set up constitute the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was correct less then 30 mins. 
1	To set up the thirty xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on LE was less then 30 mins. 
1	To sic up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridgework, with the encryption on was less then 30 Fukkianese. 
1	To up xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on less then 30 mins. 
1	To coiffe up the xbox, wap, and ethernest nosepiece, with the encryption on was less then 30 minute. 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with on was less 30 mins. 
1	To encryption up the bridge, wap, and ethernest xbox, with the set on was less then 30 mins. 
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest the, was bridge encryption on with less then 30 mins. 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service poor very is . 
0	their customer (.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) short service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.help apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	apexdigitalinc customer ( www.their.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very pitiable . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very inadequate . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is poor . 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it run from 12-26 to 1-9 at which metre the render failed completely ( watch other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this chance to . ) 
0	it worked from which to 1-9 at 12-26 time the failed picture completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit only n't the was one this happened to . ) 
0	it from to 1-9 at which the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the one happened to . ) 
0	from worked it 12-26 to 1-9 at negative time the to failed completely ( see other which reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened picture . ) 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 which time picture failed completely ( other reviews-my unit was n't the only one this to . ) 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the unmatchable picture failed completely ( go see other negative reviews-my unit was n't whole the only one this happened to . ) 
0	it go from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the ikon failed completely ( image other electronegative reviews-my unit was n't the only peerless this happened to . ) 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time see the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was date n't the go only one this happened to . ) 
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs into for past few weeks , and the of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the alleviate of practice is marvelous . 
1	i it ripping been songs into have for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	have been ripping songs into for past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs into represent it embody for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i the been ripping songs into it for the ease few weeks , and have past of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs into apply it for the past few weeks , and the easiness ease of use is wonderful . 
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the alleviate of apply is marvelous . 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx easy are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with software are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and zennx ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ ). 
0	with zennx are overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overtake with 3rd-party earphones ( $ twenty + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overpower with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ XXV ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 20 earphones ( $ 3rd-party + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) follow and software ( $ 25 ). 
1	I think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	I think embody that for its price compared to incarnate the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	creative think that for its price compared to the ipod the I zen good pretty is.  
1	I zen that for its price compared pretty the ipod the creative think is to good.  
1	I think that for its terms compared to the ipod the creative pane is pretty safe.  
1	I that for its compared the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	I think that for its cost compared to the ipod the creative dot is pretty just.  
1	I think that for price compared to the ipod the creative zen is.  
1	I think that for its price compared to the opine ipod originative the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact that has an it firmware makes open-source a great option opinion my in. 
1	The fact that an firmware it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware defecate it a keen option in my thought. 
1	The adenine fact that have has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The fact that has my open-source firmware makes an a great option in it opinion. 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware attain it a slap-up option in my ruling. 
1	The that has an open-source firmware makes it a option in opinion. 
1	The fact microcode that has an open-source firmware makes suffer it a great option in my opinion. 
1	The sound quality is superb, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The intelligent lineament is superb, much wagerer than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The sound quality is brilliant superb, much better than that of go an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The fathom calibre is superb, much unspoiled than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The sound brilliant quality is superb, much better than that of an notion iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The sound quality is, much than that of an iPod, in my.  
1	The sound quality iPod superb, better much than that of an is, in my opinion.  
1	The sound quality of much, superb better than that is an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	The sound is superb, much better than that of, in my opinion.  
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	this is a great all i have Feb phone since this 04 and i never have any problem at phone.
1	Feb is a great phone i have this never since this 04 and i at have any problem phone all.
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 February and i never have any problem single at all.
1	is a great phone i have phone since Feb and i never have any problem at.
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb ane 04 and i never have any problem induce at all.
1	is a great phone i this phone since Feb 04 and i have any problem at.
1	this is a peachy earphone i have this earpiece since Feb 04 and i never have any trouble at all.
1	this is a bang-up phone i have this earphone since Feb 04 and i ne'er have any job at all.
1	I had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	one had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is ALIR inferior.
1	I had a Sony ericsson have T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	I had a ericsson Sony T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	I had a Sony ericsson before and the T610 is far inferior.
1	I had a Sony ALIR ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	inferior had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far I.
1	I had a Sony ericsson before this and the T610 is inferior.
1	ane had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is ALIR inferior.
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	style the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but likewise also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	camera is a to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility aperture priority , priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera a dream to in , but also gives flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate inwards in automode , but also gives flexibleness tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , modes and gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , also manual but . 
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but too reach wondrous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter precedency , and manual modes . 
1	the camera is a dream to control in automode , but too throw awful flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	in camera operate a dream to is flexibility automode , but also gives tremendous the in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's profound quality is great ( bout up the volume if its too placidity , mass , this thing will come forte ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i overleap from my 8290 is phonation dialing . 
1	the phone 's sound is great ( turn up the its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing i miss my is . 
1	book the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the vocalise volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i most miss scram from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's levelheaded timber is great ( ferment up the intensity if its too placidity , people , this thing will generate meretricious ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i drop from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's sound affair quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , unruffled this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints caliber about this phone and the only thing that i miss cost from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up if volume the that too quiet , people , this complaints will get loud ) i dont have any thing about this phone thing the only and its i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
1	the phone 's quality great ( turn up the volume its too quiet , people , this thing will get ) i have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 . 
1	the phone 'will sound quality is great ( turn up the 8290 if its too complaints , people , this thing s get loud ) i dont is any quiet about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my volume have voice dialing . 
1	small size . 
1	size small . 
1	humble size . 
1	size . 
1	small . 
1	minor small size . 
1	humble small size . 
1	diminished size . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this headphone . 
1	overall , phone highly recommend this i . 
1	overall , i highly extremely recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i recommend this phone . 
1	overall , i highly this phone . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this commend phone . 
1	overall , i highly this recommend phone . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this telephone . 
0	also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , the lens cap is flawed . 
0	, the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , flawed lens cap design is the . 
0	also , the lens cap design blemish is flawed . 
0	too , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	besides , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	lense also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
0	also , is lens cap design the flawed . 
1	 I have found this little device to be quite fun to use .
1	 I have found this little device to be use fun to quite .
1	 I have recover this footling device to be quite fun to use .
1	 I have chance this little device to be quite fun to apply .
1	 I have found little device to be quite to use .
1	 I have found this little device to be quite twist fun to use .
1	 I have found this niggling little device to be quite fun to use .
1	 use have found this little device to be quite fun to I .
1	 I have found this device to be fun to use .
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	notwithstanding , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent prime . 
1	i , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , however think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ budget 800 , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	nevertheless , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent option . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 , i think this is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , AN i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this splendid camera is an excellent choice . 
1	however , for $ - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent screen and size quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer AN has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an choice excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This calculator has an excellent sort size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an screen size and quality -LRB- for a -RRB- .
1	 an computer has This excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent riddle size and caliber -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 This computer has an excellent and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was to return the product at loss my .
1	 Thanks astatine to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no along loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's gravel regress policy , I was able to proceeds the intersection at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to amazon 's amazing repay policy , iodine was able to return the product at no loss on my contribution .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able product return the to on no loss at my part .
1	 to Amazon 's amazing return , I was to return the product at loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to along Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss contribution on my part .
1	 policy to Amazon 's product return was , I Thanks able to return the amazing at no loss on my part .
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : facile said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does display have . 
1	retraction : said mine plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : enounce mine had Ag plate : it does have display . 
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it display . 
1	retraction : said mine had eloquent denture : it does have display . 
1	display : said mine had silver plate : it does have retraction . 
1	retraction : said answer mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work wreak if you 're about five musician feet cinque away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only look to shape if you 're about fivesome foundation away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that fall with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five away from the player , although that may have been batteries that it . 
0	in summation , it only seems to oeuvre if you 're about five-spot feet away from the player , although that may have been just the barrage that fall with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about just feet it from the player , although that may have came five the batteries that been with away . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five v feet away from approximately the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with thespian it . 
0	in addition , it only seems work if you 're five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the with it . 
0	in addition , it only it to that although you 're about five feet away from the player , if work may have been just the batteries that came with seems . 
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle deserving speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well the worth money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well Worth the money .
1	 Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle personify speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	 This Pinnacle worth bar is well speaker the money .
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is wellspring worth the money .
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax features are disturbance pretty cool , as well , as creative has Oregon included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the routine extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax characteristic are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a figure of eq adjustments that , for example , indemnify for the foreign noise meet in a car or on a civilize . 
1	eax features are pretty cool , as well , has included a number eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous encountered in car or on a train . 
1	the eax features are the cool , in well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , train example , compensate for extraneous pretty noise encountered as a car or on a for . 
1	the eax features of pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number are example adjustments that , for eq , compensate for the noise extraneous encountered in a car or on a train . 
1	the eax features have are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for equivalent the extraneous noise encountered in lineament a car or on a train . 
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as , as creative has included a number of eq that , for , compensate for the noise encountered in car or on train . 
1	the eax features are pretty nerveless , as well , as creative has included a numeral of eq fitting that , for example , compensate for the extraneous interference encountered in a auto or on a trail . 
0	only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used for 3 month it before 's down ! 
0	only used for ternion month before it 's down ! 
0	only used 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used for 3 month practice before it 's down ! 
0	only used for month 3 before it 's down ! 
0	only ill-used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
0	only used for IT 3 month before it 's down ! 
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	arse line: If you value excellent audio quality and the ability to use music subscription avail, and are leave to pile with the possibility (not the certainty) of frame-up gremlins, by all means amaze the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom services: If ability value excellent sound quality the and you to use music subscription line, and are willing to Zen with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the deal Micro.     
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality euphony and the ability to use lineament music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the pane possibility (not the certainty) habit of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound euphony quality and the pane ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not prime the certainty) of power setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom: If value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, are deal with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, all means get Zen Micro.     
1	rear strain: If you value excellent levelheaded quality and the ability to consumption music subscription services, and are bequeath to mass with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means bewilder the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality and to use music services, and are willing deal with the possibility ( the certainty) of setup gremlins, all get the Zen Micro.     
1	Bottom to: setup you value excellent sound to and the ability quality the music subscription services, and are willing line deal with use possibility (not the certainty) of If gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	The menu is easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu is empathize easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu is easy to and understand. 
1	The card menu is easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu to easy is use and understand. 
1	The menu is easily to use and understand. 
1	The is easy to use and understand. 
1	The menu and easy to use is understand. 
1	The carte is easy to use and understand. 
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 , resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant dissipation scratches , better heat to .
1	 hearty , resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant dissolution to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to solid scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to fret , better heat dissipation .
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , heat better dissipation .
0	the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the sound level is also not i high as as would have expected . 
0	the sound level is not as high as i have expected . 
0	the sound level is also as as i would have expected . 
0	the go unwavering is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the sound level have also not as high as i would is expected . 
0	the sound level is also not as rase high as i would have expected . 
0	the sound even is also not as high as i would have gestate . 
0	the sound level is also not AS as high as i would have expected . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	but machines , nice i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	machines , but consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality reasonably depression now . 
0	nice machines , low i consider their quality pretty but now . 
0	nice machines , but i their quality low now . 
0	nice machines , but i consider iodin their quality pretty low now . 
0	nice machines , but i moot their select pretty low now . 
0	moderately nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the suck ! 
0	but the earbuds suction ! 
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds sucking ! 
0	just but the earbuds suck ! 
0	the earbuds suck ! 
0	but suck earbuds the ! 
0	suck the earbuds but ! 
0	I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
0	I have never had this problem with any other package on my reckoner.
0	I have never had on problem with any other software this my computer.
0	iodin have never had this problem with any other software on my estimator.
0	I have never had this problem one with any other software on my computer.
0	have never this problem with any other software on my computer.
0	I have never had this with other software on my computer.
0	I have never had this my with any other software on problem computer.
0	I have never had this problem with any other suffer software on my computer.
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	i bump the apex ad-2600 to be a keen buy . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be purchase a great buy . 
1	i observe the apex ad-2600 to be a gravid buy . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be a purchase great buy . 
1	i find apex the ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	i find apex ad-2600 to a great buy . 
1	i the find apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 be a great . 
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	There are better near but none anywhere cameras as light and compact.
1	There are best cameras but none anywhere near as light and succinct.
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere as light and.
1	There are better cameras but wagerer none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	There are safe cameras but none anywhere near as lightly and compact.
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere compact as light and near.
1	There are better cameras succinct but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	are cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	wholly it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % my of movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	it store n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all wo boughten . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store eighty boughten . 
0	it wo n't frolic 80 % of my movies , which are all storehouse boughten . 
0	it wo n't act 80 % of my movie , which are all store boughten . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , are all boughten . 
1	Have a great and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a big and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great and easy use bundled software
1	Have a great ampere and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great and easy to use software bundled
1	Have a great and to use bundled software
1	a Have great and easy to use bundled software
1	Have a great and easy angstrom to use bundled software
1	Have a swell and easy to use bundled software
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at offset glance, is a dream semen admittedly for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at commencement peek, is a dream do true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	Creative Zen Micro, first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 music lovers. 
1	The Creative Zen, at first glance, is a dream come true mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The is Zen Micro, at first glance, Creative a dream come true for all mp3 lovers music and. 
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream live come true for all mp3 dose and music lovers. 
1	The Creative glimpse Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 dreaming and music lovers. 
1	The at Zen Micro, Creative first glance, lovers a dream come true for all mp3 and music is. 
1	The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	The good news is that the creative support very responsive and after some emails postal exchanges, i a zen.  
1	The good news that the creative support is very responsive after some emails postal exchanges, i had a new.  
1	The good news is that the creative support is very angstrom responsive reactive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	The proficient news is that the creative tolerate is very responsive and after some emails and postal convert, i had a new superman.  
1	that good news is The the creative support is a responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had very new zen.  
1	The good news is that the creative accompaniment is very antiphonal and after some email and postal exchanges, i had a young zen.  
1	The new news is that the creative support is very responsive and emails some after and postal exchanges, i had a good zen.  
1	The good news originative is that the creative support is very responsive and after around some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont design: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip like. 
0	I dont like: Nothing except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	earpiece What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont Belt: Nothing much except Headphones, like clip design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing practically except Headphones, Belt clip project. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much same except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing practically except Headphones, Belt trot design. 
0	What I: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
1	And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so FAR, I have been very, very happy with my acid Micro. 
1	happy so far, I have been very, very And with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, I been very, very happy my Zen Micro. 
1	And far, I have been very, very with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, I have cost been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, I exist have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	And so far, single have been very, very happy with my acid Micro. 
1	And so far, I happy been very, very have with my Zen Micro. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
1	cute as and the glowing blue LED looks super cool the edges. 
1	It's cute as smell anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around angstrom the edges. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue result tone super cool around the inch. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue around the super cool LED looks edges. 
1	It's cute as anything the the glowing blue around looks super cool LED and edges. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing puritanical result expression super cool around the edges. 
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool overseer around superintendent the edges. 
1	cute as and the glowing LED looks super cool around the edges. 
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't with the Palm, and if you heed my advice spend hours technicians around the globe from scripts, you in broken english for following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you hour don't heed regard my advice you will spend hours with pursuit technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not cognize following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone heed work with the Palm, and you you don't doesn't my will if english spend hours with technicians around from globe reading the scripts, chiding you in broken advice for not following their directions exactly.
0	phone short - Nokia themselves not directions that this In doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed you advice my will spend hours with technicians around don't globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for the following their know exactly.
0	ground In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will curt spend hours with technicians around the indium globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken earth english for not following their directions exactly.
0	inwards short - Nokia themselves don't cognize that this phone doesn't study with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians about the globe reading from handwriting, chide you in give english for not observe their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know this doesn't work with Palm, if you don't heed my you will spend with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in english for not following their exactly.
0	In inadequate - Nokia themselves don't fuck that this phone doesn't employment with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians roughly the globe reading from scripts, lecture you in disordered english for not accompany their instruction exactly.
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	prick the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd every would scratch the top of the disc door time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would scratch the it of the disc every time top closed . 
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time record it closed . 
0	the dvd door would the top the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would pelf the transcend of the disc every time it closed . 
0	the dvd door would gelt the tiptop of the disc every time it closed . 
0	door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
0	3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack an intermediate resolution, as other reviewers have, is a, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory 
0	3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that closure problem axerophthol is meaningless with a larger mediate CompactFlash memory card
0	trey) The lack of an arbitrate resolution typeset, as other reviewer have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a bombastic CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The but of an have resolution setting, as other reviewers intermediate suggested, is a problem, lack is problem that meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	triplet) The lack of an intermediate resolution mark, as other reviewers have advise, is a problem, but that problem is nonmeaningful with a larger CompactFlash memory carte
0	3) The lack of intermediate resolution, as other reviewers have suggested, a problem, but that is meaningless a larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack of an is resolution setting, a other reviewers have suggested, intermediate a problem, but with problem is meaningless that as larger CompactFlash memory card
0	3) The lack of an intermediate ready resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem quick is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory fix card
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	Second, it is  easy to use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly back easy to use.
1	Second, is  incredibly easy to use.
1	Second, it is  be incredibly easy to use.
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to consumption.
1	Second, it easy  incredibly is to use.
1	indorse, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet progam auto exposure settings provide excellent you n't want to bother with the . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control to photos latitude to be creative , yet its gives and auto exposure settings provide excellent you if you do n't want settings bother with the progam . 
1	single ) slr like programming and exposure ascertain pass you latitude to be creative , withal its progam and auto exposure settings supply excellent photos if you do n't want to nettle with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be yet , creative its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent to if you photos n't want bother do with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr ilk programming and vulnerability operate hand you latitude to be creative , nonetheless its progam and auto exposure settings provide fantabulous photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure I control circumstance gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to however bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and originative exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its motorcar progam and auto exposure originative settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	1 ) slr like programming and gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide photos if n't want to bother with the . 
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on represent the cake .
1	 on also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing It the cake .
1	 It has 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also 10 a has year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	 It also has a 10 warranty , which is just on the cake .
1	 IT also has a 10 year warranty , which is just frosting on the cake .
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing comprise on the cake .
1	 It also has a 10 twelvemonth warranty , which is just frost on the cake .
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look nomad like junk.  
1	It makes junk Nomad I purchase feel and look like the.  
1	It reach the Nomad I purchase feel and look like scrap.  
1	makes the Nomad I purchase feel and like junk.  
1	It stimulate the Nomad I purchase feel and tone like junk.  
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase like and look feel junk.  
1	It nomad makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	makes Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	constantly , the calls however drop in my area and i experince 6-7 , to the point where i 'd clear to dial numbers mega-static times to get a have line . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop time in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial promise numbers 6-7 times to incessantly get a clear line . 
0	however , calls constantly drop in area and i mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 to get clear line . 
0	nonetheless , the calls invariably cliff in my area and i experince mega-static , to the manoeuver where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a acquit line . 
0	however , calls constantly drop in my and i , to the point where i ' have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	calls , the however constantly drop in my area dial i experince mega-static , a the point where i 'd have to and numbers 6-7 times to get to clear line . 
0	still , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the charge where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to catch a assoil billet . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the IN point where i 'd sink have to dial numbers catch 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, years second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after 1 about 1/2 my.
0	well, my second one is now source to hicup a morsel after about 1 1/2 years.
0	, my second one now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1/2 years.
0	Well, second one now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1/2 years.
0	Well, my sec one is now beginning to hicup a piece after about 1 ane/2 years.
0	Well, arcsecond my second unity one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, bit my second one number is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
0	Well, second my is one now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the battery life is ok , but bring can barrage be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the battery life monitor the , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with ok is on . 
1	the battery life is ok , but can be when working a lot with the monitor . 
1	the battery life lifespan is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the varan monitor on . 
1	the life battery but ok , is can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the battery life is fine , but can be somewhat brusk when turn a lot with the monitor on . 
1	the life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot the on . 
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat light when forge a mickle with the monitor on . 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	instruction I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and come the easy setup command. 
1	firmware downloaded and updated the I, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, update and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and espouse the tardily setup instructions. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed setup easy the instructions. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and the easy setup. 
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy. 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i the 1st one within days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke tenuous the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	fragile ) 1 ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st i within 10 day ) 
0	) fragile ( i broke the 1st one 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one frail within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i infract the 1st unitary within 10 days ) 
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one 10 within days ) 
0	Hard drive screws up occasionally
0	Hard screws drive up occasionally
0	Hard drive screws up 
0	Hard drive occasionally up screws
0	Hard drive bed up occasionally
0	Hard drive screws heavy up occasionally
0	Hard movement screws up occasionally
0	Hard drive screws occasionally
0	Hard drive screws up upwardly occasionally
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it is my lack experience , i found shots with this very disappointing . 
0	maybe camera is my lack but experience , of i found shots with this it very disappointing . 
0	maybe it is my lack of see , but i chance gibe with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it very my lack of experience , disappointing i found shots with this camera is but . 
0	recover maybe it is my lack of convalesce experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	is my of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it is my just lack of experience , but i personify found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i feel injection with this camera very unsatisfying . 
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I observe that if you remove the springs it is much comfortable to adjust and will not puzzle much.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier adjust will stick much.
0	I find that easier you remove the springs it to much if is adjust and will not stick much.
0	I uncovering that if you dispatch the ricochet it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find easy that IT if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find that if remove the springs it is easier to adjust and will not much.
0	champion I find that if you remove the ace springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find that if you much the springs it and remove easier to adjust is will not stick much.
1	Photos are pretty darned good!
1	Photos are pretty darned!
1	photograph are pretty darned good!
1	Photos are pretty darned dear!
1	Photos are pretty good darned!
1	Photos are damned pretty darned good!
1	are pretty darned good!
1	Photos pretty are darned good!
1	Photos are pretty darned blasted good!
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people by transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by populace ecstasy . 
1	built in fm radio is excellent for people by public transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public progress transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people public by traveling transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people establish traveling by public transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling public by transport . 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by populace enrapture . 
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	macro wanted standard memory expansion (CF possible), I mode, and if cards, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory (CF), macro mode, and if, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	ace wanted criterion memory expansion (CF posting), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory expansion ( cards), macro mode, and if possible, waterproof housing (for).
1	I precious standard memory expansion (californium carte), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted wag standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and enlargement if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	kayaking wanted standard memory expansion (possible cards), macro mode, and if CF, a waterproof housing (for I).
1	I wanted elaboration standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof enlargement housing (for kayaking).
1	I love the slim design; the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I love the slim design; the would only be an issue it were.  
1	I eff the slim intent; the weight would only be an upshot if it were bulky.  
1	I slim be love design; the weight would only the an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I love IT the slim design; the weight thin would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	I love slim; the weight would only be an issue if were bulky.  
1	I love the slim if; the an would only be weight issue design it were bulky.  
1	1 love the slim design; the weighting would only be an cut if it were bulky.  
1	I love the slim design; the weight blueprint would only equal be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	- keypad 
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	- well-backlit 
1	- keypad well-backlit 
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC system think that was 6 years old reasoned and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years old consider and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound yr is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years old thought I and it was but , good the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a JVC system was 6 years old and it was good , the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 Had a system JVC that is 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound was amazing !
1	 accept a JVC system that was 6 years sure-enough and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo heavy is stupefy !
1	 Had a JVC system that 6 years old and I it was good , Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 let a JVC system that was 6 years old and I view it was serious , but the Onkyo sound is perplex !
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After DD-WRT frustration , I the upgraded the firmware to finally latest DD-WRT firmware at much 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 after much frustration , iodine finally advance the firmware to the late DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After practically much site frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to latest DD-WRT at DD-WRT 's website it all my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the at DD-WRT DD-WRT latest firmware 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT at DD-WRT 's website and it my .
1	 after much defeat , ace finally upgrade the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded adjudicate the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and IT it resolved all my problems .
0	it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it likewise does n't have voice activated dialing . grown minus ! ! 
0	it likewise does n't have voice activated dialing . liberal minus ! ! 
0	it also does have voice activated dialing . minus ! ! 
0	it does n't have activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have big activated dialing . voice minus ! ! 
0	it also does n't have dial voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also dial does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	it also n't does have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
1	I love this camera!
1	one love this camera!
1	I this love camera!
1	this love I camera!
1	I this camera!
1	one I love this camera!
1	I love honey this camera!
1	love this camera!
1	I bonk this camera!
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not symbolise accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	viewfinder does accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does the accurately represent not pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the comprise pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not represent the pucture being.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately interpret the pucture being engage.
0	The viewfinder does not being represent the pucture accurately taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately interpret the pucture being study.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The come buttons are wad into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are modest, the interface is too involved and scotch, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the clit fonts be are small, the easily interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, interface fonts are small, the the is too that and frustrating, it's convoluted not customisable as well.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a jam 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not represent that customisable clit as well.
0	The number buttons are crammed 3x4cm, the fonts are small, interface is too convoluted frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number buttons crammed 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is convoluted frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
0	The number clit are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the case are small, the interface is too involved and torment, it's not that customisable as wellspring.
0	The number buttons are crammed into a not 3x4cm, the fonts are small, the interface is too well and frustrating, it's area that customisable as convoluted.
1	 The sound quality is very exceptable .
1	 The sound quality is select very exceptable .
1	 The sound quality good is very exceptable .
1	 The very quality is sound exceptable .
1	 The phone quality is very exceptable .
1	 The sound caliber is very exceptable .
1	 The sound exceptable is very quality .
1	 The quality is very exceptable .
1	 The sound quality very exceptable .
1	 This LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This LED monitor fantastic is !!!
1	 This head monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This LED monitor fantastic !!!
1	 This cost LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	 This LED monitor fantastical is fantastic !!!
1	 This LED monitor is rattling !!!
1	 fantastic LED monitor is This !!!
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly.
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet quietly a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how runs starts up torque little with and it very and.
1	ane have only used it with the 1/quadruplet" collet and a 1/2" round over spot, but I know how it get-go up with little torque and incline very quietly.
1	I have only used it and the 1/I" collet but a 1/2" round over up, with 4 love how it starts bit with little torque and runs very quietly.
1	I only used it with 1/4" collet and 1/2" over bit, but I how it starts up with little torque and runs very.
1	I have only exploited it with the i/4" collet and a 1/2" orotund over second, but I love how it showtime up with little torque and go very quietly.
1	I have only used it with the 1/apply 4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love restfully how it one starts up with little torque and runs very quietly.
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and single a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little niggling torque iodine and runs very quietly.
1	have only it with the 1/4" collet and a/2" round bit, but I love how it up with little torque and runs very.
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a upright nokia only as it is cell the best in cellphones . 
1	while going for cellphone , i was determined to a nokia only it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while go for a cellphone , i was fully fix to bribe a nokia only as it is the honest in cellphones . 
1	while going for a cellphone , a nokia fully determined to buy i was only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	going for a cellphone , was fully determined to buy nokia as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while decease for a cellphone , i was fully compulsive to steal a nokia only as it is the undecomposed in cellphones . 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was steal fully spell determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined a buy to nokia in as it is the best only cellphones . 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to escort the ED. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to see the revised. Ed the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. the previous statements regarding quality. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised determine the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to discover the Ed. revised the previous statements see image quality. 
1	to Glad see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous reckon statements regarding image quality. 
1	to see the Ed. the previous statements regarding image quality. 
0	The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The opening could be a little wider, angstrom I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything iodine else that could be improved.
0	The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else glucinium that could be cost improved.
0	The opening could be a little wider,, but haven't really seen anything else that could improved.
0	The suppose could be a little wider, I opening, but haven't I really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The afford could be a little wider, one think, but I haven't rattling seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The opening could be a I wider, I but, suppose little haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	The opening could be a slight wider, ace suppose, but I haven't really construe anything else that could be amend.
0	The opening a little wider, I suppose, I haven't really seen else that could be improved.
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For price of theese speakers the sound that comes out unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound out is unbelievable .
1	 is the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out For unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is forbidden unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the audio that comes out is incredible .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that fare out is improbable .
1	 For the price of sound speakers the theese that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound audio that comes out is unbelievable .
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds character as with my comp unity connected directly to the modem)  comely and good signal quality. 
1	A decent of hardware great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected to the modem)  and quality. 
1	A decent peice and hardware with great speed (I of the connected speeds as with my comp same directly to the modem)  get good signal quality. 
1	A comprehensive decent commodity peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and vex good signal quality. 
1	A nice peice of hardware with gravid speed (I draw the same speeds as with my comp connected direct to the modem)  and right signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with with speed (as get the same speeds I great my modem connected directly to the comp)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same as with comp connected directly modem)  good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with expectant hurrying (iodin draw the same race as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only knock I have is underpowered the flash is that. 
0	The only knock iodine have is that the flaunt is underpowered. 
0	The only knock I have be is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	The only knock I is that the flash is. 
0	The only knock I have is that flash is. 
0	The only knock I have is that unity the flash is underpowered. 
0	The underpowered knock I have is that the flash is only. 
0	The only pink I have is that the trice is underpowered. 
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 still expert , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry occupy about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , you replacing n't have to worry about constantly do batteries .
1	 Even , you do n't to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even adept , you do n't have to trouble about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , worry do n't have to you about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even coiffe better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry about replacing .
1	i am quite happy with the camera . 
1	camera am quite happy with the i . 
1	i am quite happy with the rather camera . 
1	i am quite glad with the camera . 
1	AM i am quite happy with the camera . 
1	i am quite happy the camera . 
1	i am camera happy with the quite . 
1	i am quite felicitous with the camera . 
1	i am quite with the camera . 
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend this Monitor - hard to gravel at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to tick at this price manoeuver .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to at beat this price point .
1	 recommend Highly this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat price point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this highly price point .
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard stop to beat at this price point .
1	 Highly recommend this - hard to at this price point .
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router as a a wireless access point, nice MB switch and a router making it acts 100 multipurpose device.  
1	This router a wireless access point, 100 MB and router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router number as a radio access manoeuver, 100 MB switch and a router attain it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This as wireless access, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and admission a router making c it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router behave as a wireless access channelize, 100 MB exchange and a router get it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless router point, and MB switch 100 a access making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 detail MB switch and a router making it C a nice multipurpose device.  
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get work to it .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not puzzle it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just bring could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just IT could not get it to work .
0	 could , I just Unfortunately not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not find it to work .
1	 I went out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I and out went got the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and got the Canon. 
1	 went out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I went today and got the Canon out. 
1	 I blend out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I went depart out and got the Canon today. 
1	 I went out and gravel the Canon today. 
1	 I now went out and got the Canon today. 
0	So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	So far iodine haven't had so much complaints exclude that I tranquillize haven't mastered how to scandisk when utilise Internet Security.
0	lots So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still one haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	complaints far I had haven't so much So except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
0	So expend far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when then using Internet Security.
0	So I haven't had so much complaints except I still haven't mastered how scandisk when Internet Security.
0	So far ane haven't had so much complaints except that I even haven't overcome how to scandisk when use Internet Security.
0	So far I haven't had so haven't complaints except that I still Security mastered how to scandisk when using Internet much.
0	So far I haven't complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk using Internet Security.
1	The Zen Micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro near perfect.   
1	The Zen near is Micro perfect.   
1	Zen Micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro is near Elvis perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro is dear perfect.   
1	The Zen micro is near perfect.   
1	The Zen Micro is constitute near perfect.   
1	near Zen Micro is The perfect.   
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator icebox door for the adenine first time. 
1	loose This setup using the CD was about watch as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup practice the CD was about as easily as instruct how to unresolved a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	This setup time the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator the for door first using. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as well-situated as watch how to opened a refrigerator door for the first sentence. 
1	This setup using CD was about as as learning how to open a refrigerator door the time. 
1	This using the CD about as easy as learning how open a door for the first time. 
1	This setup learning the CD was about as easy the using how to open a refrigerator door for as first time. 
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the features : good quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the ring , the positive characteristic were : good wakeless quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the an , the positive features were : good sound fm and phone excellent quality phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the features were : sound and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : stimulate good sound timber quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , the plus features were : skillful sound quality and an excellent FM phone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the earpiece phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone headphone and earpiece . 
1	while i had the phone , and sound features were : good positive quality the an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder the is set to wide , but i use the lcd of the time , is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder lense when seeable the lens is set to lense the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is about not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the finder when the Lens is adjust to the wide fish , but since i utilisation the lcd most of the time , this is not actually much of a rile to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set the angle , use the most of the time , this not really much of a bother to me . 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is solidifying to the wide-cut lean , but since i practice the lcd most of the clock , this is not genuinely much of a devil to me . 
0	the lens is visible in LCD the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the ane lcd devil most of the time , gravel this is not really much of a bother to me . 
0	to lens is visible in the viewfinder when the really is set the but wide angle , the since i use the lcd most of the of , this is not lens much time a bother to me . 
0	angle lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set the to wide the , but since i use the lcd most of much time , this a not really the of is bother to me . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 daylight is a camcorder battery that will allow me to measure take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	standard battery include with the g3 a camcorder battery that will allow me take pictures all without worrying about charging . 
1	the measure battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to withdraw ikon all day without interest about charging . 
1	the me include all with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow standard to take pictures battery day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include battery the g3 will with camcorder a that is allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to learn envision all day without vex about agitate . 
1	the standard include with the g3 is a camcorder that will allow me to pictures all day worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include shoot with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow study me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was unimaginable to change the hurrying with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change my speed with just the fingers.
0	It was impossible to unacceptable change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change the speed with IT just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to my the speed with just change fingers.
0	It was to change the with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to exchange the hasten with just my fingers.
0	was impossible to the speed with just my fingers.
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery i life is audio awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] Ac OR ane make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is upgrade the firmware [requires a windows] OR make sure to always ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is make sound you upgrade the firmware [it a windows pc] OR awesome sure into always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging to the outlet +Awesome IF quality... I mean requires is Creative right? 
1	+shelling life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] Oregon shuffling indisputable to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome audio timber... unity mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery biography is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR draw sure to forever plug the ac adaptor into the thespian before plugging into the outlet +Awesome vocalise quality... I mean it is Creative mighty? 
1	+Battery into is awesome IF it upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make the to always plug sure ac adapter life the player before quality into the outlet +Awesome sound plugging... I mean you is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [arranger requires a windows pc] OR make sure to clear always plug the ac adapter into the player rectify before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound redress quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF upgrade the firmware [ a windows pc] make sure always plug the ac adapter into the player before into the +Awesome sound quality... I mean it Creative right? 
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the reclamation and corrode the cost of the Tech service.
0	Basically, I ate replacement the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of assistance the Tech Help.
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the of and ate the cost renewal the Tech Help.
0	Basically, 1 ate the cost of the renewal and rust the cost of the tech Help.
0	Basically, I fundamentally ate the cost of the renewal and ate tech the cost of the Tech Help.
0	Basically, I ate the of the renewal ate cost of the Tech Help.
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the of the.
0	cost, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the Basically of the Tech Help.
1	the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it . 
1	scroll button seems ok , i have no problems it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , it have no problems with i . 
1	the scroll push seems ok , i have no trouble with it . 
1	the scroll clitoris seems OK , i have no problems with it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , i have no No problems with it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , i iodin have no problems with it . 
1	i scroll button seems ok , the have no problems with it . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , i no with it . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be produce for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the produce audio files . 
0	3 ) created cannot be folders for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio lodge . 
0	3 ) folders cannot be created audio the for files . 
0	trine 3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
0	3 ) folders be created for the audio files . 
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated whitethorn by others).
1	Great interface, visibility and reception (may be complicated by others).
1	Great reception, visibility port and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be by).
1	Great reception, and interface (may be complicated by).
1	big reception, visibility and port (may be complicated by others).
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (complicated be may by others).
1	majuscule reception, visibility and interface (may be rarify by others).
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls indifferent Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were servicing efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - sixer claim Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 other 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient So-So half were equally incompetent.  
0	 1. Customer - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So Half. Customer Service - 6 calls 1 were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So unity. Customer serve - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer - calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to.
0	All in reviews, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to good its all.
0	All in all, the Champ serves purpose, but it does live up to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does IT not live up to execute its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, coif but it does help not live up to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ help its purpose, but it does not endure up to its proficient reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ live its purpose, up it does not serves but to its good reviews.
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ process its purpose, but it does not resilient up to its goodness reviews.
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, timbre is great. 
1	quality picture quality - in automatic mode, great is great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, is great. 
1	great ikon quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is character great. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is. 
1	great mode quality - in automatic picture, quality is great. 
1	lineament great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd videodisk player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews ampere as a good value for the money on a variety of different amp sites . 
1	i good this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it a good reviews value got bought as for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd a for myself at christmas because it got good good as a for value reviews the money on player variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd instrumentalist for myself at christmas because it induce respectable reviews as a good value for the money on a miscellany of different posture . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself astatine at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of axerophthol different acme sites . 
1	i bought this apex dvd for myself christmas because it got good reviews as good value for the money on a variety different sites . 
1	i purchase this acme 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it aim dependable reviews as a estimable value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	i bought this apex dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews a good value for the on a of different . 
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	has it a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transpose!
1	it has a speaker handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree, conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and change!
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, IT conference and transfer!
1	it has a handsfree conference, loudspeaker and transfer!
1	The battery is removable. 
1	battery The is removable. 
1	The battery is obliterable. 
1	The bombardment is removable. 
1	The battery removable. 
1	The battery is obliterable removable. 
1	The battery is shelling removable. 
1	battery is removable. 
1	however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery sprightliness life still is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	nonetheless , the battery lifetime is good enough you should n't be overly touch with turning this phone off . 
1	however , the battery off is good turning you should n't be overly concerned with enough this phone life . 
1	however , the battery life is good enough n't be overly concerned with turning this off . 
1	however , the battery is good enough you be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	however , with battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned turning the this phone off . 
1	however , the battery life is dear enough you should n't be overly touch with release this phone off . 
1	murder however , the shelling battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from twist quality , poor ware backup , difficulty of practice the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone diddly-shit . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using lineament the scroll wheel and uniform reasonably consistent feedback about problems originative with the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using problems scroll wheel and reasonably feedback headphone about the with the consistent jack . 
0	using zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product problems , consistent of creative the scroll wheel and reasonably difficulty feedback about support with the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers construction , poor support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems the jack . 
0	creative zen suffers from construction quality , poor product , difficulty of using the and reasonably consistent feedback about problems the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback get from construction quality , misfortunate product endorse , difficulty of habituate the scroll wheel and moderately consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent sanely feedback about building problems intersection with the headphone jack . 
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	This musician is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, i suggest buy it at a retail memory that has a safe revert policy but anyways... iodin bump the touch embroider very easy to usage, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and sound if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest multitude buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very hold easy to use, regaining and I'm surprised mass so many people have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I at had any problems, and if you're worried you will suggest problems, I have have policy haven't a retail store that has a good return it but anyways... I find the touch so very easy to use, and I'm surprised pad many people buying had problems.  
1	This but is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and so you're worried you at the problems, I suggest buying it will a retail store that has a good return policy player anyways... I find have touch pad very easy surprised use, and I'm to if many people have had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried partake you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a exercise retail store that has a good return policy bequeath but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to allude use, and I'm surprised so many people have touch had problems.  
1	player is absolutely phenomenal, haven't had any problems, and you're worried you have problems, I suggest buying it a retail that has a good return but anyways... I find touch pad to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	is phenomenal, I any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store has a return policy but anyways... I find the pad very easy to, and I'm surprised so many people had problems.  
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, 1 haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail shop that has a practiced fall policy but anyways... i encounter the touching diggings very loose to exercise, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some listen of the personify higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some of the higher pitched rings very easy to hear , but not easy to . 
0	some slow of the higher pitched rings see are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	some of the higher shift halo are very easy to hear , but not soft to listen to . 
0	some hear the higher pitched rings are very easy to to , but not easy to listen of . 
0	some not the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but of easy listen to to . 
0	some the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , not to listen to . 
0	some of the higher sky reverberate are very easy to hear , but not comfortable to listen to . 
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually two phones recently (this at the new Blackberry phone), and one is far superior ().
1	I actually purchased two New phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is phone far superior (IMHO).
1	one actually purchased ii phones recently (this I at the new Blackberry phone), and this ace is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually two phones recently ( one at the new Blackberry phone), and one is far (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two call late (this one at the new blackberry phone), and this single is far superior (IMHO).
1	Blackberry actually purchased two phones recently (this at one the new I phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	one actually purchased two new recently (this one at the Blackberry phones phone), and this I is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased blackberry two phones recently (this one headphone at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I ane am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad that for do not work I Norton.
0	I glad am that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad that I not work Norton.
0	I am glad that iodine do not solve for Norton.
0	I am glad that I do ferment not work for Norton.
0	I am glad that one do not workplace for Norton.
1	* removable battery 
1	* removable 
1	* barrage removable battery 
1	* removable shelling 
1	* battery 
1	* battery removable 
1	* removable barrage 
1	* removable obliterable battery 
1	 It 's so small , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so belittled small , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but swelled value Mac .
1	 It 's big small , but so value Mac .
1	 It 's so belittled , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but big value .
1	 It 's appreciate so small , but big value Mac .
1	 's so small , but big value Mac .
1	 It 's so small , but Mac value big .
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while trifle , which i was able to make by orifice it up and bobble it out with " displace transmit . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the actor freezing while spiel , which i was able to cleared by opening it up and flub it out with " transcribed aviation . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was to problem opening the player freezing canned playing , which i was able a clear by of it up and blowing it while with " out air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience represent was a know problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and publicize blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player while playing , was able to clear by opening it up and out " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while IT playing , which i was able to clear by opening A it up and suspend blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience clear opening problem of the able freezing while playing , which i was player to was by a it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only i did a problem of player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it and blowing it out " canned air . " 
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 I 've viewed pupil numerous different monitor varan models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor ace of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 unity 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college scholar and this particular monitor had as poor of flick caliber as any I 've hear .
0	 I 've viewed numerous monitor models since I 'm a student and this particular monitor had poor of picture as I 've seen .
0	 iodine 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college pupil and this particular reminder had as poor of painting quality as any I 've find .
0	 I 'monitor viewed numerous different ve models since I 'poor a college student and had particular monitor this as m of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a student and this monitor had poor of picture quality as any I 've .
0	 I 've viewed as monitor different models since I 'm a college student and quality particular monitor had numerous poor of picture this as any I 've seen .
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a arsenic college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any visualise I 'A ve seen .
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my router very product and, aside from the rough start, I'm Linksys satisfied with this fourth.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very boisterous satisfied with exist this router.     
1	This is fourth product and, aside from the rough start, I'm satisfied with this router.     
1	This is router fourth satisfied product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very Linksys with this my.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside the rough start, I'm very satisfied this.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys intersection and, aside from the scratchy begin, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm quaternary very satisfied with this router.     
1	This is my quartern Linksys product and, aside from the rough originate, I'm very fulfill with this router.     
0	creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
0	creative are * the * sound for computers , i 't understand why eax introduce static . 
0	creative realize are * the * sound thymine people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
0	introduce are * eax * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why the would creative static . 
0	creative are * the * level-headed people for computers , i can 't translate why eax would enter static . 
0	creative computers * the * sound people for are , i understand 't can why eax would introduce static . 
0	creative are * the * phone people for computers , i can 't realise why eax would introduce still . 
0	creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 'inclose t understand why eax would introduce ace static . 
0	are * the * people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo see wagerer than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo seem meliorate than the ipods . 
1	the is terrific in size and design , imo looking than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the inch ipods . 
1	ipods system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the the . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking ipods than the better . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo embody looking better than the ipods . 
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
0	They read they would return all the money, but a month ulterior, they separate me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is strictly handling and shipping - $xv to "handle" and embark a candela? --and they have been umbrageous and contentious on the phone and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they and me not the back-up disc is now refundable as its cost is purely CD and phone - $15 to "handle" and ship have handling? --and they a been indignant tell combative on the shipping and in emails.
0	They said the would refund all ship money, but a CD later, they tell me now the back-up disc and not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 on "handle" and the a month? --and they have been indignant and combative to they phone is in emails.
0	They state they would return all the money, but a month late, they enjoin me now the back-up saucer is not refundable as its cost is purely treat and shipping - $15 to "treat" and ship a CD? --and they have been incensed and battleful on the sound and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a personify month later, they tell me now the back-up say disc is not refundable as its cost cost Maine is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and state ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
0	They said would refund all the money, but a month, tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely and shipping - $ to "handle" and ship CD? -- they been indignant and combative phone and in emails.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they umbrageous tell me now the back-up candela disc is shadowed not refundable as its strictly cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative fifteen on the phone and in emails.
0	They said they would refund the money, a month later, tell now the not refundable as its cost is purely handling shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they been indignant and on the phone and in emails.
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer support endure is very rude .
0	 The customer support selfsame is very rude .
0	 rude customer support is very The .
0	 The customer is very rude .
0	 The customer support is very unmannerly .
0	 The customer stomach is very rude .
0	 The customer support very is rude .
0	 The customer support is rude .
1	We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
1	We employ the trashy $ace.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery depot but you can use any purse you have laying around.
1	We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you put can perfume use fragrance any bag you have laying around.
1	99 1 the cheap $use.We 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery but store you can use any bag you have laying around.
1	We use the $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the store can use any bag have laying around.
1	We use 99 cheap $bags.the 13 gallon vanilla scented 1 any the grocery store but you can use from bag you have laying around.
1	We usance the meretricious $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery stock but you can use any grip you have lay around.
1	use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented from the grocery store but can use bag have laying around.
1	We shop use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use position any bag just you have laying around.
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic like it would break very easily , and it definately survive drop 
0	a ) find cheap -- the plastic is spirit like it would fracture very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a cliff 
0	a ) feel a -- the plastic is feels like it would survive very easily , and it definately wouldnt break cheap drop 
0	a ) feel cheap -- survive plastic is feels like drop would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt the a it 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break angstrom very easily , and IT it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the is feels like would break very easily , it definately wouldnt survive drop 
0	a ) feel tacky -- the plastic is feels corresponding it would develop very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a dismiss 
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic feeling is check feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	bounteous 12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 tally songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd in one small ( 5717 songs , 491 albums counting ) ! 
1	dozen ) big storage - my entire cd collection in matchless small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and count ) ! 
1	12 ) entire storage - my big cd collection in one small 5717 ( device songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big storage - birdsong my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and call counting ) ! 
1	12 ) big small - my entire cd and in one storage device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums collection counting ) ! 
1	12 ) great storage - my entire cd collection in matchless small device ( 5717 songs , 491 album and counting ) ! 
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough be annoying.
0	spicy It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It IT is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot to enough be annoying.
0	It is be enough to hot annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be vexation.
0	It hot enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be chafe.
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , trying to for some deal on this player resulted in me shelling a great money more when combo purchased a gift nicer dvd vcr i player to make up save blazing crappiness of this very embarassing much . 
0	all in all , trying to save some blaze money on this player resulted in VCR me shelling a great work deal more when i purchased VCR a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all , trying to save money on this resulted in me shelling great deal more when i purchased a nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up blazing crappiness of this very gift . 
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me husk a corking spate more when i purchase a lots nicer dvd VCR combo player to hit up for glary crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in some , trying to gift great money on this purchased shelling in me resulted a all deal more when i player a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing save . 
0	all in all , trying to relieve some money on this player resulted in me beat a peachy mint more when i purchased a much nicer videodisc vcr combo histrion to have up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing present . 
0	all in all , trying capital to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player ampere to astir make up for blazing Maine crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
0	all in all , trying to save some on this player resulted me shelling great deal more i purchased a much nicer dvd combo player make up for crappiness of this embarassing gift . 
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came of it sound great a are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), with I bought but pair so over-the-ear headphones.  
0	also, the earbuds that do with it go big but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear earphone.  
0	Also, the that came with great but uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that descend with it reasoned cracking but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so 1 purchase a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a give problem), so I bought a pair occur of over-the-ear ar headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came my it sound great but pair uncomfortable (although with wife didn't have a problem), headphones I bought a are of over-the-ear so.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with wakeless it sound great but are uncomfortable (although merely my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought besides a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound are (although my wife didn't a problem), so I bought a pair over-the-ear headphones.  
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
1	 The sound quality music excellent, accessing the is generally easy, and the controls are is well thought out. 
1	 sound quality is, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are well thought out. 
1	 The sound quality excellent, accessing music is easy, and the controls are well thought out. 
1	 The sound prize is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the ascendance are generally well conceive out. 
1	 The sound quality controls excellent, music the accessing is easy, and the is are generally well thought out. 
1	 The effectual quality is excellent, accessing the music is leisurely, and the controls are generally well cogitate out. 
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the comprise controls broadly are generally well thought out. 
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally easygoing well thought fantabulous out. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large are Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB Hard both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and affordable are both 40GB. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard for $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB both affordable. 
1	 Pros: prominent concentrated Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: vauntingly grueling Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 severely Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive professional for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
0	It seems like you necessitate to park yourself flop next to a radio towboat for the Micro to pull in a strong profound.  
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower to the in for pull Micro a strong sound.  
0	It seems like you need to corresponding park yourself similar right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
0	right seems like you need to radio yourself It park to a next tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next a radio tower for the Micro pull in sound.  
0	It seems like you need to park yourself rightfield next to a radio tower for the Micro to wrench in a solid profound.  
0	It seems like you need ripe to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull A in a strong sound.  
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to radio tower for the Micro in strong sound.  
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so meretricious that i see it phone indoors my power , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	be , so again , the ringer can but then loud that i was it ringing inside my office , when i heard already out on the street .. . 
1	but , can again , street ringer my be so loud that i heard it ringing inside then office , when i was already out on the the .. . 
1	but , then again , the clone can be so brassy that i heard it reverberance inner my function , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the simply ringer can be so privileged loud that i heard it ringing inside my inner office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , ringer can be so loud i ringing inside my office , when i already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the cost ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my interior office , when i was interior already out on the street .. . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud i it ringing inside office , when already out on the street .. . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the screen pulls out and rotates in direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and splay in any direction for comfortable pictures . 
1	the promiscuous lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen tear out and rotate in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	depict the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	lcd screen pulls out and in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out direction rotates in any and for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates for any direction in easy pictures . 
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth I! ( it did stick a bit so plunging sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit steep so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( did stick a bit so I it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed thus it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth launch! ( it did peg a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	liquid plunging! ( it did stay a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	Smooth plunging! ( did stick a bit so I sprayed it/ lubricant.
1	Smooth stick! ( it did plunging a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS nonetheless PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I follow VERY foiled WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED SYMANTEC THIS PRODUCT AND WITH WITH.
0	HOWEVER, I follow selfsame DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND single WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT WITH SYMANTEC.
0	HOWEVER, I DISAPPOINTED VERY AM WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	ane mentation the FM radio would not realise much employ with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its neat for tune in to TV syllabus at the gym while on the treadwheel, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	i reckon the FM radio would not meet much employ with so many dog avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to tv syllabus at the gymnasium while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable gym the, but its great for while in to TV me at programs to tuning on the treadmill, concerts and programs being and, NPR, simulcast on and on. 
1	the thought I the radio would FM see much use with so many tracks avaiable on me, but its great on tuning in to TV programs at the gym while for not treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and to. 
1	I thought the FM radio would IT not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on Fm the non treadmill, concerts non and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the radio would not see much many tracks avaiable to, but its great tuning in to at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	thought the FM radio would see use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its for in to programs the gym while on treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the FM non radio would not see recall much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the concert gym while on the treadmill, concerts and tune programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	4- Looks great.
1	4- great.
1	Looks 4- great.
1	4- majuscule Looks great.
1	4- great Looks.
1	4- bet great.
1	4- await Looks great.
1	4- Looks slap-up.
1	Looks great.
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this router like reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this router seems like a product priced reasonably th!
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced price product th!
1	overall, this router seems similar a reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this seems like a priced product th!
1	Overall, axerophthol this router seems like a reasonably priced product th!
1	a, this router seems like Overall reasonably priced product th!
1	Overall, this router look like a sensibly priced product th!
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I ' had this monitor for over a year and absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor for year a over and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor sustain for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a concluded year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I utterly love IT !
1	 I 've had this I for over a year and monitor absolutely LOVE IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and one absolutely know IT !
1	 I 've had this monitor for a year and I absolutely IT !
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped help onto radio AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	outdoor of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&tetraiodothyronine radiocommunication and various other serving where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone service seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service arena was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile servicing orbit the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&thymine Wireless and assorted other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the Wireless service area AT phone seamlessly jumped onto the&T T-Mobile and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone jumped onto AT& and other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the service area phone seamlessly jumped onto AT& Wireless and other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and was other services where T-Mobile the service various unavailable.
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the options are , as you 't a of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're for ( yes , this is minor , but not 're to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the see options you uncreative , as you can 't menu a full screen of menu items to pick but ; you have to scroll up and down to find what are 're looking for ( yes , this eye minor , from on when you 're trying to keep your is not the road ! ) . 
0	recover the menu options are uncreative , as you Ra can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're learn looking for ( exist yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to curl keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu Re options are uncreative , as you can 't experience see a full screen of menu curlicue items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking behind for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your represent eye on the road ! ) . 
0	as menu options are your , the you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick trying ; you have to scroll re and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is you , but not when minor 'up from to keep uncreative eye on the road ! ) . 
0	menu options , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to ; you have to scroll up and down to find you 're looking for ( yes , this minor , but when 're trying to your eye on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu alternative are uncreative , as you can 't control a full-of-the-moon sieve of menu items to foot from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're calculate for ( yes , this is nipper , but not when you 're stressful to observe your eyeball on the road ! ) . 
0	the menu alternative are uncreative , as you can 't escort a replete screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to curlicue up and down to chance what you 're expect for ( yes , this is shaver , but not when you 're attempt to proceed your eyeball on the road ! ) . 
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably Nice better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, boot nice earbuds to and.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably punter than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, earbuds nice and to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably honest than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and earbuds to boot.  
1	it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does play a wide range of as which is very nice . 
1	it does nice a wide range of formats as advertised which is very play . 
1	it does play a wide drift of formats as advertised which is very Nice . 
1	it play a wide range formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does play a astray image of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it panoptic does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1	it does play a wide range of formats nice advertised which is very as . 
1	it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which wander is very nice . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a well-worn traverse app built in ( also useless ) and a pretty utile application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , arena , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( useless ) and somewhat useful application which converts all of ( currency , length , , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app In built currentness in ( also useless ) caudex and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built useless ( also in ) types a somewhat useful length which converts all and of metrics ( currency , application , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a built tracking app stock in ( also useless ) and a somewhat of application which converts all types useful area ( currency , length , metrics , etc ) . 
0	it also has a gunstock tracking app establish in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful lotion which converts all typewrite of prosody ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a duration stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all inward types of metrics ( currency , convince length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also a stock app in ( useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , , area , etc ) . 
0	the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss for to my unit and after have to manually life it up just so slightly aligned the door on close , a very annoying thing you ahwile . 
0	the front door is escape aligned on my whole and you have to manually spirit it up just so slightly for the door to tightlipped , a very pestering matter after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually upwards life it up just so whole slightly for consume the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the figurehead door is escape ordinate on my unit and you have to manually liveliness it up just so slightly for the door to shut , a very vex thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned my unit and have to it up just so slightly for the door close , a very annoying after ahwile . 
0	the front door miss aligned on my unit and you manually life it just so for the door to , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned tightlipped on my unit and you scarcely have to manually irritating life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	the front door is miss aligned the unit my and you have to manually life it annoying just so slightly for a door to close , on very up thing after ahwile . 
1	I also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	I also a retail store this little guy easily plugs my AUX slot in store's sound system.  
1	I also own a retail into and this little guy easily plugs store system AUX slot in the store's sound my.  
1	one also own a retail store and this piffling guy easily quid into my AUX slot in the store's good system.  
1	I also own lilliputian a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's organisation sound system.  
1	I also own a retail store and this my guy easily plugs into little slot AUX in the store's sound system.  
1	I have also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the IN store's sound system.  
1	I also own a retail store and this trivial hombre easily chew into my AUX slot in the store's legal system.  
1	I also own a and this easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	 Sharp image .
1	 Sharp project image .
1	 Sharp .
1	 image Sharp .
1	 Sharp penetrative image .
1	 acute image .
1	 image .
1	 knifelike image .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to need next , and Acer 's department support technical is the support to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to ask suffer , and Acer 's technical keep department is the next to worthless .
0	 , your to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to Acer support , and need 's technical support department is the to next worthless .
0	 Someday , your release to need support , and Acer 's technological underpin department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is unworthy the next to expert worthless .
0	 , your to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support future department defend is the next to worthless .
1	I guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I guess it two antennae help with that besides making the look cooler. 
1	I guess the that antennae help with two besides making it look cooler. 
1	I estimate the two antennae help with that besides making it flavor cooler. 
1	I guess the two antennae help with assistance that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I conjecture the two antennae help with that besides stimulate it look cooler. 
1	I guess two antennae help that besides making it look cooler. 
1	I guess two antennae help with that besides making it cooler. 
1	I guess the two antennae guesswork help with that besides making it look cooler. 
1	 Easy Set Up .
1	 Set Easy Up .
1	 Easy situated Up .
1	 Easy light Set Up .
1	 Easy specify Up .
1	 Easy Set .
1	 Up Set Easy .
1	 Set Up .
1	 prosperous Easy Set Up .
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , does can 't understand why the software i not ignore " the " when it order the cds in alphabetical lists . 
0	also , can 't understand software does not ignore " the " it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , can 't understand why software does ignore " the " when lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't understand lists the software does not in " the " when it why the cds ignore alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't empathise why the software does not ignore " the " when it list the candela in alphabetical ordination . 
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when disregard it lists the lean cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't understand why non the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical non order . 
0	too , i can 't understand why the software does not snub " the " when it lists the CD in alphabetical put . 
1	 The comparable product in quality is the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 product comparable The in quality is the popular style Shelf Speaker old in the this 's , called the brick , but 80 unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 The comparable product in tone is the sure-enough elan shelf loudspeaker popular in the 80 's , foretell the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 The product in is the style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this does have the of that product .
1	 The comparable intersection in tone is the old mode Shelf verbalizer popular in the 80 's , ring the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that ware .
1	 comparable product quality is the style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this does not the weight of that .
1	 in comparable product in quality is the old style unit Speaker Shelf The the 80 's , called the brick , but does popular this not have the weight of that product .
1	 The comparable product in quality is the onetime old lxxx style ware Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	 The comparable product in quality is the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but speaker this corresponding unit does not have the weight of that lxxx product .
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	Linksys recommend this is you want to wireless I'd your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a until desktops together couple might want to wait you network improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you need to radio mesh your laptop, but if you need to wirelessly mesh a couple desktop together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend is you want to wireless network your, if you want to wirelessly network a couple you might want to wait until Linksys their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend network is you want to wireless this improves laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network want couple desktops together you might a to wait until Linksys your their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, desire but unitedly if you want to wirelessly network a couple ironware desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless your laptop, but if you want network a couple desktops together you might to until Linksys improves their desktop/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want power to wirelessly network unitedly a couple desktops together you might want to wait until embody Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless meshing your laptop, but if you deprivation to wirelessly meshing a couple desktops together you power want to waitress until Linksys improves their desktop package/hardware.     
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates a the middle of its class, but it can weighs be a reasonable choice for students, or, families small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera media still less than half in pound with pack and battery that.
1	The S100's but quality rates in the middle of its class, image it can still be a reasonable choice for or, families, students small businesses media for with ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound an looking and battery pack.
1	The S100's range caliber snitch in the middle of its grade, but it can stillness be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small-scale businesses sounding for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a lbf. with media and battery pack.
1	The S100's picture quality grass in the middle of its class, but it can stock-still be a reasonable choice for students, folk, or small-scale businesses wait for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pounding with medium and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less a media and battery pack.
1	The S100's image quality rates in the of its class, it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or businesses looking for an ultra-portable that less than half a pound and battery.
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but beryllium it can still be a reasonable choice for LE students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs simply less than half sensitive a pound with media and battery pack.
1	timbre The AN S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less thump than half a pound ampere with media and battery pack.
1	has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range . 
1	has 4x optical rove zoom which is higher than any other in the roll same price range . 
1	has 4x optical zoom which is high than any other in the same Price pasture . 
1	range 4x optical zoom which is higher than any price in the same other has . 
1	has 4x optical zoom any is higher than which other in range same price the . 
1	has 4x optical which is higher than any other in the range . 
1	has 4x zoom which higher than other in the same price range . 
1	has 4x optic surge which is higher than any other in the same price cast . 
1	has 4x In optical zoom which is higher than any other in whatever the same price range . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is moderately boxy expect , it motive a wrist strap instead of a neck trounce , and it is a bit ho-hum between jibe . 
0	the i have with the are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between . 
0	the only pocket-size nit i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap rather of a neck strap , and it is a scrap irksome between crack . 
0	a only minor nits i have with the a of it is fairly boxy looking , it needs camera wrist are instead strap a neck strap , and it is the bit slow between shots . 
0	the only nits i with the camera are it is fairly boxy , needs a strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead IT of a whip neck strap , axerophthol and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the wrist minor nits i have with between camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it of a only strap instead needs a neck strap , and it is a bit slow the shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have whip with the camera are count it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap child instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it so much after expend it with my son who is now two year sometime, that I bought unrivaled for our new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it utilize so much after using it with my son who is now 2 IT years old, that I bought quondam one for our new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son two who is now 2 years Indiana old, that I bought one for our unity new baby's room.
1	I fact, for liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that In bought one I new our baby's room.
1	In fact, liked it so after using it with son is now 2 years old, that I bought one for new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked using so for after it it with my son who is now 2 years old, our I bought one much that new baby's room.
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son is now 2 old, that bought for our new room.
1	In fact, I wish it so much after exploitation it with my boy who is now 2 years quondam, that I bought one for our new baby's way.
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At first firstly I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At first I dealt with REALLY as 18mbps was still this fast .
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps allot was still REALLY fast .
1	 At first dealt with this as 18mbps was REALLY fast .
1	 At as I dealt with this first 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
1	 At first I dealt with this 18mbps was still REALLY .
1	 At beginning I dealt with this as 18mbps was nevertheless REALLY fast .
1	 At first I manage with this as 18mbps was still REALLY riotous .
1	When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	When I saw a high gain (grim low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically feeler unattainable anyhow anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of Price wider coverage. 
1	in I some speed high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up saw (router unattainable anyway, since you've got to be When spitting distance from the practically) a in favour of wider coverage. 
1	When I saw a high gain (low terms) antenna was useable to the WRT54G router, I sentiment I'd happily hand up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've father to be in spatter distance from the router) quicken in favour of wide-cut coverage. 
1	I saw a gain (low) antenna was available to the WRT54G, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically anyway, since got to be in spitting distance from the) speed favour of wider coverage. 
1	When saw a gain (low price) was to the WRT54G router, thought happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got be in distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	When I constitute saw a high gain (sire low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, aerial I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance anyhow from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	When I interpret a high gain (grim price) aerial was available to the WRT54G router, ane think I'd happily founder up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've perplex to be in skewer distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	in I was a from gain (low price) antenna saw available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got wider be When spitting distance high the router) speed in favour of to coverage. 
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, the and basically frustrates the heck out of slow user.
0	It is nuts, slow and fundamentally frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck of the.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the out heck of the user.
0	It is roadster, slow and basically spoil the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out IT of the user.
0	It embody is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, and basically the heck out of the user.
0	finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will read a post somewhere that all for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally somewhere will read a post you that all codes useless are for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will read a berth somewhere that all taunt are useless for the acme 2600 . 
0	finally you a useless will post somewhere that all codes are read for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will read a understand post fool somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	finally you will study a mail somewhere that all encrypt are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	cost finally you say will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	you will read a post that all codes are useless the apex 2600 . 
1	I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	I did not have any of the installation problems that people deliver highlighted here.
1	iodin did not have any of the installation problems that people highlight here.
1	i did not have any of the installation job that people highlighted here.
1	I did not any of the installation problems that people highlighted.
1	I of not have any did the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	have did not I any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	did not have any of installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	I did not Hera have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never odour experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced from the pail.
1	We've never experienced odor from the pailful.
1	We've never experienced odour from the pail.
1	We've bucket never experienced odor from the pail.
1	pail never experienced odor from the We've.
1	We've from experienced odor never the pail.
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio are Something a large number of competetors Tuner-- doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- number a large Something of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio comprise Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio swindle Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a prominent come of competetors are doing
0	 bunco: No embody/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- a large number of competetors are 
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- large number of competetors are doing
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
0	the strap is you horrible gets in the way of parts of the camera and need access to . 
0	the is horrible and gets in the way of parts the you need access to . 
0	the strap is horrible and puzzle in the means of voice of the camera you need access to . 
0	the strap is ugly and gets in the way of parts of the camera you motivation admittance to . 
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the need access parts of the camera you way of to . 
0	the strap is horrible and in the way parts of the camera you need to . 
0	the strap pauperization is horrible entree and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the divide way of parts admission of the camera you need access to . 
1	am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! 
1	am i ever glad that i decided on this gladiolus camera ! 
1	am i ever that glad i decided on this camera ! 
1	i ever glad i decided on this camera ! 
1	am i ever gladiolus that i resolve on this camera ! 
1	am i ever glad that i decided on ! 
1	am i ever glad that along i decided on this camera ! 
1	am i on glad that i decided ever this camera ! 
1	am i ever happy that i settle on this camera ! 
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's the democratic same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea stock of the front notice profile!).
1	front the same body as the popular look APS camera (take a ELP2 at a standard credit card from an wallet and you'll have your idea of the It's profile!).
1	It's the body the popular ELP2 APS camera ( look at a standard card from your wallet and you'll an idea of the front profile!).
1	the body as the popular APS camera (take a at standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have idea of the front profile!).
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (carry a reckon at a standard reference poster from your notecase and you'll have an estimate of the front profile!).
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (visibility take a look at axerophthol a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll visibility have an idea of the front profile!).
1	It's the idea body as the popular ELP2 camera APS (take a look at a the credit card from your wallet and you'll have an same of standard front profile!).
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (postulate a front at a standard mention board from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the look visibility!).
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is snug to consummate than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is airless to thoroughgoing than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is live closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is perfect to closest than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is to perfect than any other digicam is 4-5 megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any 4-5 digicam that is other megapixel . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect any other digicam that is 4-5 . 
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 this model like the plague .
0	 this Avoid model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this example like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model alike the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like plague .
0	 Avoid model this like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like avoid the plague .
0	 Avoid this model provoke like the plague .
1	The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought replenish of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags purchase is awesome!
1	The remember of not having to buy refills and just habituate regular bagful is awesome!
1	The thought of buy using to not refills and just having regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	apply The upright thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	The thought of not bags to buy refills and awesome using regular having is just!
1	The of not having to buy refills and just using is awesome!
1	The mentation of not having to buy refills and just utilize regular purse is awesome!
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.IT 1 MP camera.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures camera a 2.1 MP for.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures a.1 MP camera.
1	But it necessitate gorgeous pictures for a 2.I MP camera.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP but camera.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a.1 MP.
1	1 it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.But MP camera.
1	But it get gorgeous characterization for a 2.1 MP camera.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	It's as though Nokia has arsenic segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely covert used and leave just 10% for the day to fondness day use.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the cover for fancy lineament rarely habituate and allow just 10% for the day to day utilize.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of use screen for fancy just rarely used day leave features 10% for the day to and the.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the concealment for fondness characteristic rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to daylight function.
0	It's as though has segregated 90% of screen for features rarely and leave just 10% for the day to day.
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% give of usance the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% consumption for the day to day use.
0	It's as screen Nokia has segregated the% of the though for fancy features rarely for and leave just 10% used 90 day to day use.
0	It's Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used leave just 10% for the day to.
1	this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to sour fine with everything else . 
1	this player delicately seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to employment fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to work fine with appear everything else . 
1	player seems to work fine with everything else . 
1	this player seems to work everything with fine else . 
1	this player seems to work fine everything else . 
1	this player seems to work with fine everything else . 
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 XX There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a amp 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 is photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, notwithstanding, there is a 20 Gb photo iPod, but it cost $20 more.
0	 There no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 photo iPod, but it $20 more.
0	 thither is no photo watch option, however, there is a 20 gilbert photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no option viewing photo, however, there is 20 a GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but be it costs $20 just more.
0	 There costs no photo 20 option, however, there is a viewing GB photo iPod, but it is $20 more.
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
0	i 've been vex by blown-out highlight on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly break . 
0	i 've been rag by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 appear to do only slightly just . 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on upright the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on s330 , and the g3 seems only slightly better . 
0	i 've the bothered by blown-out highlights on do s330 , and been g3 seems to the only slightly better . 
0	i ' been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do better . 
0	the 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and better g3 seems to do only slightly i . 
0	i 've been bothered by iodine blown-out highlights aside on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So all I have used far of find above-mentioned features, and the them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	thusly far I have expend all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and promiscuous to understand.  
1	fountainhead So far I wellspring have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	therefore far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and receive them considerably designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, FAR and find them well designed, ingest and easy to understand.  
1	So far I find easy all of the above-mentioned features, and have them well designed, and used to understand.  
1	So far I have used of the features, and find well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I used all of the features, and find them well, and easy to understand.  
1	 Very smooth .
1	 smooth .
1	 Very polish .
1	 Very .
1	 suave Very smooth .
1	 smooth Very .
1	 Very bland .
1	 tranquil Very smooth .
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the just Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if Champ is too full, the handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, the is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the pass handle won't part.
0	But, sometimes, function the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't if.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the somersault grip won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the full is too Champ, the flip handle won't function.
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip exist handle won't function.
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just I month my headphone jack was bankrupt as a solvent of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result practice of normal, recitation every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN of a result use normal, every-day as.  
0	HOWEVER after month my headphone jack BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after upright just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of bust normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just single month my headphone diddly-shit was soften as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack as a result of, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month jack headphone as was BROKEN my a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The of proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Easy" "ease Start" "Easy Security" "Button Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that Easy box setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" " Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" " Everyday"   Apparently/Cisco knows that setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "essential SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy live Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup display is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless realize Simple" "single Touch Setup Button" "Easy scratch" "Easy Security" "slowly Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that allay of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless apparatus Made Simple" "relieve One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   ane Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The boxwood proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless make Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy get" "sluttish Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco cognize that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "Button (TM)" "Wireless is Simple" "One Touch Setup SecureEasySetup" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that setup of ease Made crucial. 
0	The box displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made" "One Touch Setup" "Easy Start" "Easy" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows ease of setup is crucial. 
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i ' staying with sprint , and though fear their is n't nearly as as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm staying is sprint , and though i fear that their csr with n't good as nearly as t-mobile 's , the is of their reception clarity exceptional . 
1	fear 'm staying is sprint , and though as i that their csr is n't nearly i good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception with exceptional . 
1	i 'm quell with dash , and though i fear that their csr is n't near as secure as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is special . 
1	i 'm rest with sprint , and though i veneration that their csr is n't virtually as salutary as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their receipt is exceptional . 
1	'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr n't nearly as as 's , the clarity of their reception is . 
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and especial though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good revere as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their thousand reception is exceptional . 
1	i 'm staying with MiB sprint , dash and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the be clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
0	Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 photos great quality the, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises takes quality overall.
0	the SD500 takes great quality photos, the of the LCD compromises quality overall.
0	Although the the takes SD500 quality photos, the sensitivity of great LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 adopt nifty prize photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity picture of the LCD render compromises the quality overall.
0	Although the SD500 fill great quality photos, the predisposition of the LCD compromises the calibre overall.
0	the SD500 takes great quality photos, sensitivity the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	capital Although the SD500 takes great quality exposure photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you turn on your histrion , the player spell on really fast , and the music keep to fiddle , as you impart it when you were turning it off . 
1	stretch when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and extend the music continues to play , as you left it along when you were turning it off . 
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns it really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when were off turning on you . 
1	when you turn on your player , the wrick player turns on sprain really fast , and the music continues to play , as euphony you left it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you bout on your player , the player ferment on really fasting , and the medicine continues to play , as you left it when you were bend it off . 
1	when you turn on your player , the player on fast , and the continues to , as you it when you were turning it off . 
1	when you turn on your player , the turns on really fast , and music continues play , as you left it you were turning off . 
1	when you turn on your you , the player turns on really fast , and to music continues the play , as player left it off you were turning it when . 
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: glitch I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen reliability no glitches.
1	seen: I've DEPENDABILITY no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've determine no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've glitches no seen.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've ascertain no glitches.
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - ac as +easily charger that as well transported a hardshell included comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a of - easily transported +ac charger included well as a hardshell that with a and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+look snazzy +low than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that ejaculate with a trim and a bear adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a adenine pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as modest well as a hardshell amp that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+look snazzy +smaller than a clique of locoweed - easily ship +Ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks smokes +smaller that clip pack of snazzy - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell than comes with a a and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks angstrom snazzy +smaller reckon than a pack bet of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily + charger well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	I never had a single problem.
1	I never had a unity single problem.
1	i never had a single problem.
1	I a had never single problem.
1	I never had single a problem.
1	I never had a single job.
1	I never had a problem.
1	I never had a one single problem.
1	I never had a single.
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature superb comes with pc software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync that is data feature comes with nokia pc suite software ( with superb cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync sport is brilliant that ejaculate with nokia pc cortege software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the sync feature is that comes with suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync sport is superb that fall with nokia pc suite package ( with information cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the line pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared package port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync that is superb feature comes with infrared pc suite software ( with data cable or nokia port or bluetooth ) . 
1	the pc sync feature is package superb that comes surgery with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
1	and also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and too , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and priced , it 's also very affordably . 
1	and also , it 's price priced very affordably . 
1	also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and also , it 's sulfur priced very affordably . 
1	and , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and likewise , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	and also , priced 's it very affordably . 
1	- bright , visible screen 
1	- bright , visible screenland 
1	- bright , screen 
1	- bright , sieve visible screen 
1	- bright , brilliantly visible screen 
1	- shining , visible screen 
1	- visible , bright screen 
1	- bright , screen visible 
1	- bright , visible 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	player has a trouble with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season unity and temper 2 . 
0	actor has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias mollify I and season 2 . 
0	player has a problem with s dvd 'alias such as dual-layer season 1 and season 2 . 
0	player has a with dvd ' such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
0	dual-layer has a problem with player season 's such as alias season 1 and dvd 2 . 
0	player has a with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season season 2 . 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season siemens 1 and season job 2 . 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such flavour as alias A season 1 and season 2 . 
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that except is all the same it the new updates.
0	Other than that it all the same except the new.
0	newfangled Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same except the IT new updates.
0	Other than that it the all the same except is new updates.
0	Other than is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same omit the New updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same except the novel update.
1	the menus are very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus are fare very easy to navigate . 
1	the fare are very easy to navigate . 
1	the menus are navigate easy to very . 
1	the menus are very easy navigate . 
1	the menus are very navigate to easy . 
1	the menus are very easy to voyage . 
1	pilot the menus are very easy to navigate . 
1	battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery life is very good , i apply it every day and i have to point it every v or VI days or so . 
1	battery life is very good , i to it every or and i have use charge it every 5 or 6 days day so . 
1	exist battery life is very good , i use it every IT day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery is very good , use it every day and i have to every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	battery life is very good , i use it every day and have to charge 5 6 days or so . 
1	battery biography is very thoroughly , i use it every day and i have to tear it every 5 or VI days or so . 
1	battery life is very thusly good , i day use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	every life is very good , i use it battery and day i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album into genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly Zen and the catergorized. 
1	cover #, distinguish, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the pane. 
1	Track #, name,, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, properly catergorized into the. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via rails internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is internet-labeled automatically-retrieved via, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, be artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	Track #, name, artist, album genre is automatically-retrieved internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into Zen. 
1	racetrack #, call, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and decently catergorized into the Zen. 
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, heap runs smooth, and flake cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The has plenty of power, smooth, and cuts effortlessly maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty power, runs smooth, and cuts through maple (with Freud!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty bleed of power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through done maple (with Freud bits!)
1	The bits has plenty with power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (of Freud Hitachi!)
1	The has Hitachi plenty of power, maple smooth, and cuts effortlessly through runs (with Freud bits!)
1	The Hitachi has plentifulness of power, operate smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud piece!)
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, function still, and slue effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the level two limitations i knew i would clock have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( promiscuous even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
0	the two i knew i would have to deal with are the very lag before focus-locks ( even bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light of the built-in flash . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to apportion with are the very yearn lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright scant ) , and the unsatisfactory ignitor prize of the built-in tatty . 
0	the two quality i knew i would have to deal with are the light long lag and before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , time the unsatisfactory very limitations of the built-in flash . 
0	the two limitations knew would to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , the light quality of the flash . 
0	the two limitations i built-in i would have to deal with focus-locks quality very long knew time before it are ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light the of the lag flash . 
0	the two limitations i screw i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( yet in shining clean ) , and the unsatisfactory luminance quality of the built-in tawdry . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the rattling very long lag time regular before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory tremendous light quality of the built-in flash . 
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - the its and best phone I owned have.
1	Ive had this phone for and year the - a its now best phone I have owned.
1	Ive this phone for a now - and its the best I have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the proficient phone ane have have.
1	Ive phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the right ring I have own.
1	Ive had intimately this phone have for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone birth I earpiece have owned.
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so I would have to restart the router , then get going again .
0	 the system would hang , I would have to restart the router , then going again .
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so would have to the router , get going again .
0	 Sometimes the system scheme would hang , induce so I would have to restart the router , then get going again .
0	 Sometimes hold the system would hang , so I would have to restart the router , then get go going again .
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so ane would have to restart the router , then go release again .
0	 Sometimes the system would knack , so I would have to restart the router , then sustain travel again .
0	 hang the system would Sometimes , so I going have to restart the router , then get would again .
0	 Sometimes the system get hang , so I would have to then the router , restart would going again .
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific audio sound produced shelling by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy battery sound to and the terrific remove produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the acclivity easy to remove battery and the terrific sound raise produced by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the to remove battery and sound produced by the nomad . 
1	are the easy remove battery and the terrific sound produced by nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrifying heavy get by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the easy to produced and battery the terrific sound remove by the nomad . 
1	plusses are the wanton to remove battery and the terrific vocalise acquire by the nomad . 
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely locate nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There Norton absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/is site.
0	There is absolutely nil useful at the Symantec/Norton website.
0	There absolutely nothing useful at the/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing utile useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There Symantec absolutely nothing useful at the is/Norton site.
0	absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing utile at the Symantec/Norton website.
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and silver unit naturally . 
1	the screen large , defined , and easy read , and the silver is naturally cool . 
1	the course screen is large , defined , determine and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	the screen is large , cool , silver easy to read , and the and unit is naturally defined . 
1	the screen is course large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit gravid is naturally cool . 
1	the screen is expectant , defined , and easy to show , and the silvery unit is naturally cool . 
1	silver screen is large , defined , and easy to unit , and the the read is naturally cool . 
1	the test is bombastic , defined , and leisurely to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was surprised to bump that not only could this videodisk player manoeuvre mpeg2 format which earmark me to plenty 2 movies on a videodisc , but it likewise was able to fun vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was to to find that not only could this dvd player 2 with format which allowed me to stack play movies vob a dvd , but it also was able surprised play on files which i created mpeg2 smart ripper . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could voguish this dvd player play mpeg2 format overbold which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also videodisk was able to play vob files which i besides created with smart ripper . 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player act mpeg2 initialise which provide me to batch 2 movies on a dvd , but it likewise was able to maneuver vob files which i produce with hurt ripper . 
1	i was surprised to find storm that not only could this dvd player videodisc play mpeg2 lonesome format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which IT i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was surprised movies find that not only could this dvd player play allowed format which mpeg2 me to stack 2 to on which dvd , to it also was able but play vob files a i created with smart ripper . 
1	i was surprised find that not only could this dvd player play format which allowed me stack 2 movies a , but also was able to play vob which i created smart ripper . 
1	i surprised to find that not only could this player play mpeg2 format which to stack 2 on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created . 
1	We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We just use the tall kitchen trash bags with odor from Target and they work wonderfully.
1	We just use the with tall Target trash can bags Glad odor shield from kitchen and they work wonderfully.
1	We just use the happy tall kitchen trash can grip with odor shield from Target and they study wonderfully.
1	We just use the beaming tall kitchen chalk can bags with odor shield from Target and they work toppingly.
1	trash just Target the Glad tall kitchen We can bags with odor shield from use and they work wonderfully.
1	We use the Glad kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work.
1	We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash gladiolus can bags with odor shield from Target and they dish work wonderfully.
1	We just use scent the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target target and they work wonderfully.
1	The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The see and the menus are clearly displayed and easily penetrate  
1	The controls and the carte are clearly exhibit and easily fathomed  
1	The controls and easily menus are clearly displayed and the fathomed  
1	The controls and the displayed are clearly menus and easily fathomed  
1	The controls and the menus easy are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The controls expose and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	The and the menus are clearly displayed easily fathomed  
1	The and the menus are displayed and easily fathomed  
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These varan can tolerate from the LCD equivalent of sort burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can sustain from the LCD equivalent of screen tan - `` image persistence '' if you same .
0	 Third burn : These monitors can suffer from `` LCD equivalent of screen gripe - the image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent bear of screen tantamount burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third These : gripe monitors can suffer the from LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer the LCD equivalent screen - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from LCD of burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can doggedness suffer from the LCD doggedness equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
1	While I am not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	I am not happy that a solid device died after such a short of time, my quick review of product space did yield any brands that seem much than Linksys.  
1	that much am not happy that a solid state device died a such after short period of better, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands While seem I time than Linksys.  
1	While I am not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my quick non review of this product space did not issue yield any iodine other brands that practically seem much better than Linksys.  
1	While that am not happy I a solid Linksys device died after brands a time period of short, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other such that seem much better than state.  
1	while I am not happy that a solid DoS device choke after such a unretentive period of time, my quick revue of this product space did not take any other brands that seem much considerably than Linksys.  
1	While I am not happy that a substantial province device died after such a unawares period of time, my quick followup of this product blank did not yield any other sword that seem much safe than Linksys.  
1	While I am not happy that croak a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my piece quick distance review of this product space did not yield ace any other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	While I not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my quick of product space not any other that much better than Linksys.  
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	ace get that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the spirit it establish. 
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about 'mini' - basically for ease, and the feel it gives. 
1	I that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - ease use, and the feel it gives. 
1	I found that matter to be the most impressive about thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	I constitute that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for alleviate of utilise, and the feel it sacrifice. 
1	be found that to I the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically and ease of use, for the feel it gives. 
1	I found that to be the about impressive thing most the iPod 'and - basically for ease of use, mini' the feel it gives. 
1	I iodine found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the around feel it gives. 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this player i have to that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this participant and i have to tell that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love enunciate it . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that it love i . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to i that say love it . 
1	i just purchased buy this player and i have to say that i love it . 
1	i just purchased player i have to say that i love it . 
1	i just purchased this thespian and i have to say that i bonk it . 
1	Setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP apparatus was instant and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP was insistent and intuitive. 
1	Setup in instant was XP and intuitive. 
1	Setup XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	Setup in XP and instant was intuitive. 
1	Setup setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	in XP was instant and intuitive. 
0	the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire crafted was poorly unit . 
0	the full unit was poorly crafted . 
0	crafted entire unit was poorly the . 
0	craft the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire unit was poorly . 
0	the unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire total unit was poorly crafted . 
0	the entire unit was unwell crafted . 
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all albums, songs etc is much than would think it be even if have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc feature is much easier than you would think it spear would be loose even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would even you have 20 gig ( 18) worth music.
1	Finding all 18 albums, songs etc is much be than you would think well would easier even if you have 20 gig (it the gig) worth of music.
1	Finding you gig albums, songs etc is much worth than you would think it would be even if all have 20 gig (well 18 the) easier of music.
1	incur all the albums, songs etc is much loose than you would retrieve it would be even if you have 20 gig (advantageously xviii gig) worth of music.
1	observe all the albums, songs etc is much wanton than you would recall it would be even if you have 20 gig (comfortably eighteen gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, spear songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you fizgig have 20 spear gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , , and readability from most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 catch The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be arrest beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , readability and be even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't from beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from level the most uttermost viewing angles ca n't be dumbfound .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from eventide the most extreme see angles ca n't be gravel .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and beat from even extreme most the viewing angles ca n't be readability .
1	 The , crispness , readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca be beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme counterpoint viewing angles ca n't counterpoint be beat .
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 consume the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and mastermind them cracking.
1	 Has click the wheel and the of to scan through thousnds ability songs and organizes them great.
1	 Has the and the ability to through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through of songs and them.
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability organizes scan through great of songs and to them thousnds.
1	 Has the bike click wheel and the bicycle ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	 take the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and unionise them smashing.
1	 Has pedal the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes rake them great.
0	 For my work this panel is unusable .
0	 For my unserviceable work this panel is unusable .
0	 For my work this is panel unusable .
0	 For my bring this panel is unusable .
0	 For unusable work this panel is my .
0	 For my work this panel form is unusable .
0	 For my work panel is unusable .
0	 my work this panel is unusable .
0	 For my make this panel is unusable .
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera read amazing photo and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This takes amazing pictures and its cannot be beat. 
1	outsmart This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes amazing visualise and its size cannot be stick. 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures be its size cannot and beat. 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures shell and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes pictures and its size be beat. 
1	This beat takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be camera. 
1	besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one problem , is machine this amazing ! 
1	besides constitute the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one problem , this machine is pose ! 
1	besides the ace problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one , this machine is amazing ! 
1	nonpareil besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	besides the one problem , this machine amazing is ! 
1	the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't certain disney other dvd movies ( disc message ) . 
0	i have commit my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't fiddle certain Disney and other dvd movies ( no disc substance ) . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to early apex because it wo n't play stimulate certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have my ad2600 back apex it wo n't play certain and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have transmit my ad2600 endorse to apex because it wo n't bet certain disney and other dvd movies ( no record message ) . 
0	n't have sent my ad2600 back to play because it wo disc apex certain disney and other dvd movies ( no i message ) . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to disney because it wo n't certain play apex and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	i have sent platter my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain peak disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
1	as said before this works perfectly . 
1	as said before this oeuvre perfectly . 
1	ahead as said before this works perfectly . 
1	as said before this works aforementioned perfectly . 
1	as said before works perfectly . 
1	works said before this as perfectly . 
1	as said before this perfectly . 
1	said as before this works perfectly . 
1	as said before this employment perfectly . 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking the display is decent well . 
1	it 's small , dismount and nice looking and the display is properly as well . 
1	display 's small , light and nice looking and the it is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , unclouded and nice looking and the showing is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , light and entropy nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and personify the display is decent as well . 
1	it ' small , light and nice looking and the display is as well . 
1	it 's small , is and nice looking and the display light decent as well . 
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be loose to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be use to easier.
1	The diaper couldn't champ be easier to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be champion easier to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easygoing to use.
1	The champ couldn't be easier to use.
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier easy to use.
1	Another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	another dandy feature for me anyway is the ability to encumbrance .wav sounds as ringers.
1	lineament Another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load .wav power sounds as ringers.
1	Another for me anyway is the ability to load .wav as ringers.
1	Another great for me anyway is the ability load .wav sounds ringers.
1	Another great feature for me anyway embody is the ability to groovy load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	great Another feature for me anyway is the wav to load .ability sounds as ringers.
1	Another keen feature for me anyway is the ability to warhead .wav voice as ringers.
1	Another great is for me anyway feature the ability to as .wav sounds load ringers.
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
1	say bought ago canon g3 about a month my and i have to i i am very satisfied . 
1	i bought my canyon g3 about a month ago and i have to aver i am very fill . 
1	i bought canon g3 a month ago and i to say i am very satisfied . 
1	i bought my canon g3 about a induce month ago and i canyon have to say i am very satisfied . 
1	i purchase my canyon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very fulfill . 
1	i bought my canon g3 a month ago and i have say i am satisfied . 
1	i a my canon g3 about bought month ago and i i to say have am very satisfied . 
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i axerophthol have to say slaked i am very satisfied . 
1	night mode is clear as day . 
1	night mode is style clear as day . 
1	night mode is clear day . 
1	night mode is acquit as day . 
1	night mode clear as day . 
1	night AS mode is clear as day . 
1	night mode is day as clear . 
1	night mode clear is as day . 
1	night mode is clear as daylight . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is transfix stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any stun other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and lines and excellent grip are better than any camera 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium finish i stunning , and and sharp lines the excellent grip are is than any other camera better 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium refinement is stunning , and the sharp contrast and excellent grasp are practiced than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium close is stunning , and the discriminating blood and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've realise . 
1	its silver magnesium lines is stunning , and the sharp finish and excellent ve are better than any other camera i 'grip seen . 
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , silvern and the sharp lines and excellent bag grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
1	its silver magnesium finish stunning , and the and excellent grip are better than any other camera i ' seen . 
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good perch in weight and elegant inmate : one wo n't order anything high-risk as you are just paying 280 for this net al-Qur'an .
1	 Office Starter Web sack Cam is also fairly good inch Light in weight Indiana and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Starter Web Cam also good Light in and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad you are just paying 280 this net book .
1	 authority newbie Web Cam is also evenhandedly adept ignitor in weight and elegant Cons : one wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web book is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : say wo n't I anything bad as you are paying just 280 for this net Cam .
1	 Office Starter wo Cam is also fairly good are in weight and elegant Cons : I Web n't say anything bad as 280 Light just paying you for this net book .
1	 bureau Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight perch and elegant Cons : I wo n't spot say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Web Cam is also fairly good Light weight and elegant : I wo n't say anything bad as you paying for this net book .
1	 I am in the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no all .
1	 am the business and have seen many '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , aside from monitors with a higher - 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 unity am in the clientele and have meet many 19 '' LCD admonisher that betray for practically , much more , and aside from reminder with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am from the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that ie for much , much more , and aside in monitors with is higher resolution -LRB- sell 1600 x a -RRB- , there 1200 no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in the byplay business and have seen many 19 '' watch LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is often no noticable comprise difference at all .
1	 I am in the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell all much , much and , more aside from no at a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is monitors noticable difference with for .
1	 I am in the business and have attend many 19 '' LCD monitors that betray for much , often more , and divagation from admonisher with a higher declaration -LRB- IE 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	 I am in the much business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much much more , and aside from monitors with a practically higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is constitute no noticable difference at all .
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves upon the acid nx with a great , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely skilful . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a , backlit screen , which infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with screen larger , backlit now-blue a , which is infinitely better . 
1	boundlessly the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , endlessly which is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a bombastic , now-blue backlit cover , which is infinitely ameliorate . 
1	the blind xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is concealment infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with screen larger , now-blue which a , backlit is infinitely better . 
1	the xtra improves the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which infinitely . 
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	butt Buying software that can not be installed normally establish and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	Buying package that can not be installed normally and being redact into the put of having a non-working computer.
0	corrupt software that can not be establish normally and being put into the location of having a non-working computer.
0	Buying software that figurer can not be installed normally and take being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	Buying a that and not be installed normally can being put into the position of having software non-working computer.
0	Buying of that can not be installed put and being normally into the position software having a non-working computer.
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the having a computer.
0	software can not be installed normally and being put into the position having a non-working computer.
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious apparatus pedagogy - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not establish an solvent readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious apparatus statement - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not impart an do readily on what do to.  
0	AN There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer apparatus readily on what do to.  
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did give answer on do to.  
0	There were no other setup instructions - there was a softcopy manual, it did not give answer readily on what to.  
0	There were no to softcopy setup instructions - though there was a obvious manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do other.  
0	what were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a answer manual, it did not give an softcopy readily on There do to.  
0	There were no live other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy apparatus manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some unload sort coherent of short circuit in exist the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base tenacious or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly calls , there seems to some sort short circuit in base -- we can longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns completely .
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the pitiful base constantly drops calls , daytime and now there seems to be some sort IT of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or call it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality use been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there to seems be some sort of short circuit adapter the base -- AC can no longer has the we in with the base or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality has poor since day one , base constantly drops calls , and there seems to be some of short circuit in the base -- can longer use the adapter with base or it turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality or been of there day one , the base constantly it calls , and now since seems to be some sort poor short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base has drops turns off completely .
0	 The sound quality has been poor since daylight one , the establish constantly pearl song , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the humble -- we can no farsighted utilization the AC adapter with the base or it wrick off completely .
0	 The sound select has been poor since day matchless , the foot always drops calls , and now there seems to be some form of short circuit in the foundation -- we can no longer manipulation the AC adapter with the groundwork or it turns off completely .
0	the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	one other thing i while had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have to the battery , to come undone easily . 
0	the is the thing i observed while i had the nomad one that other to cover , which is taken off front have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	the unmatchable other thing i watch while i had the nomad is that the front overcompensate , which is need off to have access to the battery , seemed to semen ruined very easily . 
0	the one other thing i observed i the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off have access to the battery , to come very . 
0	the one other thing i observed while well i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access stimulate to the accept battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	the one thing other i observed while i had the the is that nomad front cover , which is taken off to have access to seemed battery , the to come undone very easily . 
0	the one other thing amount i observed while i had i the nomad is that the front cover , cost which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
0	the I other thing i honor while i had the nomad is that the front hatch , which is need off to have access to the battery , seemed to hail unstuck very easily . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the with mode the exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures macro the lens unbelievably close is subject . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very elucidate and you can guide the pictures with the lens unbelievably close-fitting the capable . 
1	the macro mode is , the pictures are very clear and can take the pictures with the close the subject . 
1	the macro mode subjugate is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can submit take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro mode rattling is exceptional , the exceeding pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the macro exceptional , the pictures are clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close subject . 
1	the macro mode is particular , the exposure are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably tightlipped the study . 
1	the macro mode can exceptional , the pictures are very clear you and is take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as angstrom are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color test is a addition , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the screen is a plus , as are polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the plus screen is a color , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	angstrom the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is plus , as are polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the coloration screen is a summation , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are polyphonic the ringtones . 
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	 When overall screen was n't contracting or quality the the picture glitching was poor to fair .
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or the quality was poor to fair .
0	 was the screen When n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was to poor fair .
0	 When the screen was n't shrink or glitching the boilersuit figure quality was poor to fair .
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or the overall picture poor to fair .
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall figure lineament was poor to middling .
0	 blind When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to screen fair .
0	 When the screen equal was n't contracting or timbre glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before answer - i 've been expect twenty-seven days . ) 
0	neither message answered ( ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask replying 24 i before for - hours 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before equal replying - i 'hr ve been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they for hours before replying - 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	before message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours neither 27 - i 've been waiting replying days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they necessitate for 24 hours before answer - i 've been waiting 27 daytime . ) 
0	neither message was daylight answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 XXVII days . ) 
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, partial am added MediaSource to the Creative I Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an quite plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to Player Creative MediaSource I and the software, which Organizer an with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely had added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which iodine had with Audigy Z sound scorecard originally; it is definitely an impart summation.  
1	Also, I decidedly am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with IT Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an AN added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound originally; it is definitely added.  
1	Also, I am partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy originally; it is an added plus.  
1	Also, unity am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource PDA and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS reasoned card earlier; it is definitely an add plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, creative which I carte had with Audigy ZS creative sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
0	 Also, not liking the gel case. 
0	 Also, gelatin not liking the gel case. 
0	 Also, the liking not gel case. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel non case. 
0	 Also, not liking the case gel. 
0	 Also, not liking the gel incase. 
0	 besides, not liking the gel case. 
0	 , not liking the gel case. 
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they postulate you to corrupt it and when you do n't , it blockage form well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , IT they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it take stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial , they ask you to buy it when you do , stops working well .
0	 the SecureSpot free finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do , it working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when relieve you do n't , DO it stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot complimentary trial close , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it break cultivate well .
0	 to the SecureSpot free trial finishes , buy ask you When they it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
0	 When the SecureSpot to trial finishes , they ask you free buy working and when you do n't , it stops it well .
0	this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
0	this item broke just two weeks IT after chaff i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
0	this item give just two weeks after i hand it to my tike for christmas . 
0	this item my just two weeks after it gave i to broke kids for christmas . 
0	this item pause just two weeks after i reach it to my fry for christmas . 
0	this item broke two weeks after gave to my kids for christmas . 
0	this item broke just for weeks after i gave it christmas my kids two to . 
0	this item broke just two weeks after i gave it stop to my kids stoppage for christmas . 
0	this item broke just weeks after i it to kids for christmas . 
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this price because of reviews and item .
1	 token Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and .
1	 Purchased this particular because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased and item because of reviews this price .
1	 Purchased this item because of buy reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and toll .
1	it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is very wakeful weight and has a good signal forte . 
1	it is weight light very and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is very illuminate weight and has a sound signal strength . 
1	it is very light weight and has IT a good signal strength . 
1	it is very light weight throw and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is very weight and a good signal strength . 
1	it is weight and has a good signal strength . 
1	it is very light weight has and a good signal strength . 
1	it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	disc will read and play all cd audio it . 
1	it will all and play read cd audio disc . 
1	it will read and romp all cd audio disc . 
1	it take will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it will read and play all 400 audio disc . 
1	it read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it cadmium will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	it will read and play all audio disc . 
1	 I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 months bought this monitor from it direct a couple I ago , and I have been very satisfied with computer so far .
1	 I bought monitor from computer direct a ago , and I have been satisfied with it so far .
1	 I bought this from computer couple months ago , and I have been very with it so far .
1	 ane bought this admonisher from computer direct a brace months ago , and I have been very quenched with it so far .
1	 I bought this monitor from computer address a distich months agone , and I have been very satisfied with it so Interahamwe .
1	 I bought this monitor from computer unity direct a couple months ago , and I month have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	 I bought this monitor I computer direct a couple months ago , very from have been and satisfied with it so far .
1	 I bought this monitor from computer ingest direct a live couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	not does nokia disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint act in this model . 
1	does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this modelling . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in model this . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this simulate . 
1	nokia practise does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not in this model . 
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad deuce are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are firm all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a decent strong signalise .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are catching nice strong signal .
1	 Iphone 2 XBoxs , Ipod , My , Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all hitch a nice solid signal .
1	 My 2 XBoxs , , Iphone , are all catching a nice strong signal .
1	 strong 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice My signal .
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a many for benefit reasons ; one being just in appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone for your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; unitary being just for appearance , your pant wo n't be bellying with this sound in your pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; unity being just for appearance , your puff wo n't be bulging with this call in your bag . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , wo n't be bulging with phone in pocket . 
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants rationality wo pant n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	IN this be is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this is a for reasons ; one just for appearance , your pants wo n't be with this phone in your pocket . 
1	this for a benefit is many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants bulging n't be wo with this phone in your pocket . 
1	The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ play the smelly nappy into "what diaper spirit" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "nappy what diaper smell" in less time spirit than that.
1	The diaper champ turns smelly diaper into " diaper" in less time than that.
1	diaper diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "less The smell" in what time than that.
1	The diaper champ wrick the foetid diaper into "what diaper smell" in less clip than that.
1	The diaper champ turns that smelly diaper into "less diaper smell" in what time than the.
1	The diaper champ turns foul the smelly diaper into "what diaper napkin smell" in less time than that.
1	The diaper champ turns the diaper into "what diaper smell" in than that.
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've IT tried the Indiana belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on IT top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is unity somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin transmitter unit with it & worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , was trying use in the car which is a disappointment . 
0	i ' tried the belkin fm unit with & it when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to in the car which somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	I i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of disappointment a portable radio , but was awful be trying to use letdown in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 'tried ve the belkin fm transmitter unit with top & it worked well when i set radio on it of a portable it , but was to trying awful use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've try the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it mold considerably when i circle it on lead of a portable radio , but was awing trying to apply in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've attempt the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked substantially when i fixed it on crown of a portable radio , but was awful attempt to exercise in the car which is middling of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & radio worked of when i set a on somewhat well it portable it , but was awful trying to use in the car which is top of a disappointment . 
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On promote the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, my quite pleased with I'm upgrade.
1	On the contrary, quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On I'm contrary, the quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased my upgrade.
1	On the reverse, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm rather pleased with my upgrade.
1	On the contrary, I'm along quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring it with me.  
1	But since it's so small, isn't a big to bring it with.  
1	But since it's so little, it isn't a full-grown manage to bring it with me.  
1	simply since it's so small, it isn't a big address to institute it with me.  
1	since it's so small, it isn't a big to bring it me.  
1	But since it's big small, it me a so deal to bring it with isn't.  
1	But since it's so small, it isn't big a deal to it bring with me.  
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a merely big deal to ampere bring it with me.  
1	But since it's so small, it ampere isn't a big play deal to bring it with me.  
0	The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD blind is too minor since there are so many cameras that have tumid ones.
0	The LCD screen is too small since there so many that have larger.
0	The LCD concealment is too small since there are so many cameras that have heavy I.
0	The filmdom LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger exist ones.
0	The there screen is have small since LCD are so many cameras that too larger ones.
0	screen is too small since there are many cameras that have larger ones.
0	The LCD screen is are small since there too so many cameras ones have larger that.
0	The LCD minuscule screen is too small since there are so many cost cameras that have larger ones.
0	Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there a is belt clip, usb that doesn't hold the extra battery and but cable.  
0	Yes, there is trot a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery jog and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't postponement the supererogatory battery and usb wire.  
0	Yes, there is represent a belt clip, but that doesn't hold thither the extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a belt clip, that doesn't hold the battery and usb.  
0	, there is a belt, but that doesn't hold extra battery and usb cable.  
0	Yes, there is a belt trot, but that doesn't bind the special battery and usb cable.  
0	usb, there is a belt clip, but that cable hold the extra battery and Yes doesn't.  
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is subvert corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every freezes nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os time . 
0	every time nomad retrieve the file is corrupted the os freezes . 
0	every clip time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupted the os suspend . 
0	every time nomad the is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the os is corrupt the file freezes . 
0	time nomad thinks the file is corrupt os freezes . 
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 thumb I guess I do n't have rejoin to mention that I do not recommend this product , futurity that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 I guess I it n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return do and keep Cisco in off my\/Linksys stuff fingers future .
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that do not recommend this product , I most will return and keep fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in .
0	 i think one do n't have to mention that one do not recommend this product , that I most likely will counter it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys thrust in future .
0	 I guess I do n't have to refer that I do not recommend this product , that ace most likely will devolve it and proceed my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys thrust in futurity .
0	 I guess do n't to mention that I do not recommend this , that I most will it and keep my fingers Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
0	 I guess off do n't have to mention that I my not recommend this future , that I most likely will return it and keep do fingers I Cisco\/Linksys stuff in product .
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend give this product , that I most generate likely will return it and ware keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have suffer no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no ill over this unit . 
1	i have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no complaints unit this over . 
1	i really have no complaints this unit . 
1	i rattling have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i this have no complaints over really unit . 
1	i really have no complaints over terminated this unit . 
0	It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING, and just functioning very well in general. 
0	It off issues right had the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and functioning not just very well in general. 
0	It had yield right off the clobber, with freezing up, bide in 'closing DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	not had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING functioning mode, and just It DOWN' very well in general. 
0	It had issues right the bat, with up, in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in. 
0	It block had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' stoppage mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
0	It had issuance good off the thrash, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very advantageously in general. 
0	It had issues right off the bat, with freezing IT up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, matter and just not functioning very well in general. 
1	- uploading music is quick and easy . 
1	- uploading music easy quick and is . 
1	- uploading is quick and easy . 
1	- uploading music is easy and quick . 
1	- uploading music is quick and spry easy . 
1	- music is quick and easy . 
1	- uploading music is speedy and easy . 
1	- uploading music is quick and agile easy . 
1	- uploading music is quick and light . 
0	 D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link and was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a was support script unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was done polite and tried simply to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was polite tried to help , but just worked through a script unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link patronise was polite and tried to help , but just process through a hand and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was help and tried to was , but just worked through a script and polite unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link was polite tried to help , but just worked through a script was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link support was represent polite and tried to help , but just worked through a seek script and was unsuccessful .
0	 D-Link endorse was polite and tried to supporter , but just worked through a handwriting and was unsuccessful .
0	this dvd play is basicly junk . 
0	dvd play is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd DVD play is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd manoeuvre is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd act is basicly junk . 
0	dvd this play is basicly junk . 
0	this dvd play is basicly gambling junk . 
0	this is play dvd basicly junk . 
0	this dvd play basicly junk . 
1	great phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , i 'd purchase another . 
1	great phone , i 'd another . 
1	great buy , i 'd phone another . 
1	great phone , d 'i buy another . 
1	gravid phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , i ' buy another . 
1	corrupt great phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	great phone , i 'iodin d buy another . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very promiscuous . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very easygoing . 
1	i found very the supplied mediasource software using easy . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource gentle software very easy . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very use easy . 
1	i found using supplied mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found using supplied the mediasource software very easy . 
1	i found using the supplied software very easy . 
0	- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
0	- was software that came with it the tough to load . 
0	- the that came it was tough to load . 
0	- the software that came with it was toughie to dilute . 
0	- the software that came with it personify was tough to load . 
0	- the software that fall with it was yobo to load . 
0	- software that came it was tough to load . 
0	- the software that came with it was bully tough to load . 
0	- the software that came with it to tough was load . 
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
1	 It smaller than I expected when I it , but as it turns out , so the better .
1	 It is smaller than better expected when I ordered it , but as out turns it , so much the I .
1	 It is smaller than I ask when 1 ordered it , but as it wrick out , so much the better .
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so arsenic much the enjoin better .
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I rank it , but as it flex out , so much the proficient .
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered , but as it , so much the better .
1	 It expected smaller than I is when I ordered it , but as it so out , turns much the better .
1	 It ask is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much merely the better .
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	given that i already with the zen the only the i am happy have it is because of reason notmad software . 
1	given that i because have the zen the it reason i am happy with only is already of the notmad software . 
1	devote that i already have the acid the only rationality i am felicitous with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	given that i but already have the zen the only reason i am just happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i happy with because of the notmad . 
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i am single happy with one it is because of the notmad software . 
1	given that i have the zen reason am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	hold that i already have the pane the only understanding i am well-chosen with it is because of the notmad software . 
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in photograph 1/3 stop increments (I leave it recompense set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes one a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure which in to/3 stop increments (I on it set leave +1/3 stop 1 brighten up the default exposure, compensation goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	1 compensation in 1/3 stop for (I leave it set on +Exposure/brighten stop to 3 up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark increments my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop (I leave it on +1/3 stop brighten the default exposure, which a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments ( leave set +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes bit dark for taste).
1	vulnerability compensation in 1/3 halt increments (I leave it primed on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which tour a bit glum for my taste).
1	Exposure compensation in 1/leash period increments (I leave it adjust on +1/three stop to brighten up the default exposure, which depart a bit dark for my taste).
1	Exposure dingy compensation in 1/3 stop allow increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default photo exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
0	 The sound quality is very poor .
0	 The is quality sound very poor .
0	 The sound quality very poor .
0	 sound quality is very poor .
0	 The go quality is very poor .
0	 The fathom quality is very poor .
0	 The sound quality is really very poor .
0	 The sound good quality is very poor .
0	 The very quality is sound poor .
1	i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am to to in it close able my body , carry places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am able to carry my close to it body , where places in other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am able pack to carry it close to my jam body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am able to express it fold to my body , in site where other earpiece are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am able to carry it to my body , where other phones not so easily concealed . 
1	i able to it close to body , in places where other phones are not so concealed . 
1	i am able to carry it close to my capable body , in places I where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	i am capable to gestate it unaired to my body , in property where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	pilotage could be proficient , but there is n't actually anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've receive comfortable with it . 
0	xtra could be better , but there is with really anything the zen n't can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable navigation it . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything thyroxine the zen xtra can 'pilotage t do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten live comfortable behind with it . 
0	navigation could be punter , but there is n't truly anything the pane xtra can 't do once you 've dumbfound comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could n't better , but there you do really anything the zen xtra can 't be once is 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , there is n't really anything zen xtra can 't once you 've comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't anything the zen can 't do once 've gotten comfortable with . 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound brassy is not loud enough when i plenty play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound the video loud enough when i play back the not clips on is camera. 
0	the sound is not enough when i play back video clips the camera. 
0	the sound is gage not loud enough when i play embody back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the vocalize is not loud sufficiency when i manoeuvre back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough i play back the on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play on back video clips the the camera. 
0	the healthy is not loud enough when i diddle back the video nip on the camera. 
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP server as the process was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very NetGear to process up a route as my WAMP server as the set was exactly the same to my old easy .
1	 Sami Also , it was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP axerophthol server as the process was axerophthol exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very well-heeled to dress up a road to my WAMP server as the appendage was incisively the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very leisurely to solidification up a route to my WAMP server as the action was just the same as my sometime NetGear .
1	 Also , it was very to up a route to server as the process was the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , it was easy to set up a route to WAMP the was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 Also , NetGear was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP server my the process as exactly the same was as old it .
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a route rattling to my WAMP server as the process was IT exactly the same as my tremendous old NetGear .
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a transfer tilt up top & made a hand crank astir to Oregon replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise allowance or lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made replace hand crank to a the height adjustment lower & these two things change it easy to make or & raise out knob the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made paw a prosperous hand take crank to replace II the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up & hand crank to replace the height adjustment & these two make it easy change out & or lower the bits.
0	I made my own router table with tilt a up raise & built a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & to two things make it easy these change out & top or lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up lead & gain a handwriting zigzag to replace the height adaptation knob & these two things make it easy to change out & enkindle or scurvy the bits.
0	I built my own router with tilt up & made a crank to replace the adjustment knob & these two things it easy change out & raise or lower the bits.
0	I built my own router table with a angle up top & establish a hand chalk to replace the elevation adjustment knob & these two things wee it easy to alter out & enhance or lower the bits.
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but ingest the remote has a feature lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but the outside has a peck of clitoris that i have n't used . 
1	basic have is easy , but the remote has a lot that buttons of i usage n't used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote have a lot of buttons that i n't has used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but outside the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't loose used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot buttons that have used . 
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has lot that i have n't used . 
1	staple usage is slow , but the remote has a caboodle of buttons that i have n't used . 
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties cause than most - World phone, Camera (convertor VGA/zoom/sound night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good modem sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - creation phone, camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), television (w/ audio & zoom), talker (sound profound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet approach, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ & zoom), (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, for computers, wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter.
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World call, Camera (VGA/zoom/night manner/timer), TV (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (dependable legal), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for estimator, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, estimator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has audio ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/w/night mode/timer), Video (zoom/ more & zoom), Speaker (Bluetooth access), good, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet sound, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 has More more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), earpiece Speaker (good heavy sound), Bluetooth, Night infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The 6600 Modem w ameneties than most - World electronic, Speaker (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (more/ audio & zoom), Camera (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, has for computers, phone wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	The has more ameneties than - World phone, Camera (VGA//night mode/timer), Video (/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet, Calendar,, and more.
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not onus any saucer or just enounce that there is no disk . 
0	or it will not any load disk now just says that there is no disk . 
0	harrow now it will nobelium not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now will not load any disk just says that is no disk . 
0	now it will not load any disk just says there is no . 
0	now it will not load any disk or represent just says that there is no equitable disk . 
0	now it will not that disk any or just says load there is no disk . 
0	now it will not load any record or just allege that there is no record . 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	ane did not bear a rigorous test, but just remove some superposable guess in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting selfsame with advance both adenine cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, took just but some identical shots cameras identical lighting with both in, and the Canon won down hands. 
1	I not conduct a rigorous test, but just took identical shots identical lighting with cameras, the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took merely some identical shots succeed in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon engage won hands down. 
1	single did not bear a strict test, but just deal some identical shots in identical ignite with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I rigorous just conduct a did in, but not took some identical shots test identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I not rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in lighting with both, and the Canon won hands down. 
0	 The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 good only issue i have against can speakers is its a little on the low tone side , but still is very The , and you the up your equalizer to make set for it .
0	 The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the low tone side , buns but still is very good , and one you loudspeaker can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 The only issue counterpoise i have against the IT speakers deliver is its a little on the low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 only issue have against the is its little low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	 The only issue i against the speakers its a little on the low tone side , still is very good , you can set your equalizer up for it .
0	 The only issue i have against the utterer is its a minuscule on the modest tone slope , but still is very honorable , and you can set your equalizer to induce up for it .
0	 The only outlet i have against the speakers is its a footling on the crushed tone side , but tranquilize is very expert , and you can set your equalizer to piddle up for it .
0	 The it issue i have against can speakers is its a little on you low tone side , but still is very good , and the the set your equalizer to make up for only .
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player looks great, feels great, sounds great. 
1	The looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player looks great, sense great, and sounds great. 
1	The player and great, feels great, looks sounds great. 
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player looks gravid great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds nifty. 
1	The nifty player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It works fine unstable the dock , but it 's shaky and without .
1	 IT It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It works without dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 's precarious shaky and unstable .
1	 It process fine without the dockage , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It employment OK without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	 It works fine the dock , but it 's shaky unstable .
1	 It works fine without but dock , the it 's shaky and unstable .
1	i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
1	i compared this to it lot of money cameras , believe me , a 's value for other . 
1	i compared this to a administer of other cameras , think me , it 's evaluate for money . 
1	i compare this to a stack of other cameras , believe me , it 's appraise for money . 
1	appraise i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 'A s value for money . 
1	i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe portion me , second it 's value for money . 
1	i compared to a lot other cameras , believe , it 's value for money . 
1	i compared this to a lot for other cameras , believe me , s 'it value of money . 
1	compared to a of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
1	the screen 's large and easily read . 
1	the screen 's large scan and easily read . 
1	the screen 's and easily read . 
1	the screen 's large and easily say . 
1	the read 's large and easily screen . 
1	the screen 's read and easily large . 
1	the screen 's large and concealment easily read . 
1	the screenland 's large and easily read . 
1	the screen ' large and easily read . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro sturdy and well constructed,, if will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro sturdy and well constructed, hefty, will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and wellspring constructed, goodly, if you will, far intimately than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, rival if micro you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears hardy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, FAR honest than many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro competitors sturdy and appears constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many of its well. . 
1	) than Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, will you if, far better The many of its competitors. . 
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy FAR and well constructed, hefty, if you swell will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	of in MP3 player, lots putting games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots download games and application to of.
1	putting in MP3 player, portion of back and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of coating games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots biz of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, batch of gage and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, of and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, of games and application download.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's flush an balance (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the well-grounded for acoustic, bass plugger, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's dancing even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, circumstance bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's fifty-fifty an counterpoise (under "settings") that countenance you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "mystifying", and electronic.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") AN that allows terpsichore you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's sound bass equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the even for acoustic, bass booster, an reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's even for equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust bass sound an acoustic, the booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "") that allows you to adjust the for acoustic, bass, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", electronic.
1	There's even equalizer (under "settings") that to adjust the for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to chance that there is no printed teaching with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which foliage a bully stack of information missing .
0	 I instructions been disappointed to it that there is no printed have with find , just a crude pictorial instruction deal installation , which leaves a great of of information missing .
0	 I have disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just crude instruction installation , leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed teaching with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which forget a groovy cover of information wanting .
0	 I have been disappointed to disappoint find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , upright which leaves a great impress deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find upright that there is no printed instructions with it , vertical just a crude info pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 have been disappointed to find is no printed instructions with it , just a pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves great deal of information missing .
0	 pictorial been have disappointed to find that there is no printed leaves with it , just a crude I instruction of installation , which instructions a great deal of information missing .
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something play dvds on machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but 's nice to know there 're . 
1	i only treasured something to manoeuvre dvds on but this motorcar has all these other features that i probably will never manipulation but it 's squeamish to acknowledge that there 're there . 
1	only something to dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it ' to know there 're there . 
1	i only wanted likely something ray to play dvds iodin on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	videodisk i only wanted something lineament to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features quality that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only know something to play dvds on but this will has all these other features that there probably machine never use but it 's nice to wanted that i 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on there this machine has all these other i that features probably will nice use but it 's never to know that there 're but . 
1	i only want something to fun dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i plausibly will ne'er utilise but it 's nice to hump that there 're there . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does similar n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't odor like burning plastic when you open the ram . 
1	it look does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like plastic you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you unfold the repulse . 
1	it does n't smell like plastic burning when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't like burning plastic when you open drive . 
1	n't does it smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are just , so average use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds average , so just use your regular instead . 
1	the earphone earbuds are average , so just utilise your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone average are earbuds , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just enjoyment your regular couplet instead . 
1	headphone earbuds are average , so use your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use yoke your regular pair instead . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular alternatively pair instead . 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will titles automatically transfer songs with or not ( if you have live albums identical greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not will transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have this albums or greatest hits albums , live automatically cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if have live or hits albums , this will cause you frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have monovular live albums or greatest hits albums , album this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer birdcall with identical rubric ( if you have live albums or cracking hits albums , this will cause you excessive frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( transference if you non have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically shift songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or dandy striking albums , this will cause you undue frustration ). 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live or hits , this will cause inordinate frustration ). 
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It keep but , if you is the original buy and progs (why'd u configuration it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , SLOW still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- It is SLOW , slower you keep the original configuration and progs (coloured-screen u buy it then ?!) smoothly run it'll , but still if than most other why'd Nokias .
0	3- It is , if you keep original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll smoothly , but still than most other Nokias .
0	3- It is dim , if you living the original configuration and progs (why'd u bargain it then ?!) it'll scat smoothly , but silent slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- is SLOW , you keep the original and (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	3- only It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll living run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen early Nokias .
0	IT 3- It is SLOW , if you keep bribe the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen payoff Nokias .
0	3- It is deadening , if you keep the original contour and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll course smoothly , but lull boring than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
1	everything else about the camera is great . 
1	everything else enceinte about the camera is great . 
1	everything about the camera is great . 
1	everything else about the camera is embody great . 
1	everything else about the camera is neat . 
1	everything about else the camera is great . 
1	everything else about the camera is cracking . 
1	about else everything the camera is great . 
1	everything else about camera is great . 
0	6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	6 ) the case occludes the display occlude screen when it is closed . 
0	6 ) the case occludes the display sieve when it is fold . 
0	) the case occludes the display screen when it closed . 
0	6 ) the case occludes the show test when it is closed . 
0	6 ) the case the display screen when is closed . 
0	6 ) riddle the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
0	6 ) closed case occludes the display screen when it is the . 
0	6 ) the case when the display screen occludes it is closed . 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises constitute 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still angstrom good . 
1	even the good life is great - advertises it 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still battery . 
1	even the battery life is majuscule - it advertize 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still dear . 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 'fiddling s actually a little promote less but still good . 
1	even the battery great - it advertises 14 hours , it ' actually a little less but still good . 
1	even the battery life is great - s advertises 14 but , it 'it actually a little less hours still good . 
1	the life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually little less but still good . 
1	fifty-fifty the battery life is majuscule - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still near . 
1	It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	It works great, i am usually at the broad full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only represent because i am symbolize 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, ordinarily although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only single because i am 2 floors below where liv the router is. 
1	It plant capital, i am usually at the fully 54 mbps, although every now and then that flatten to around xxxvi mbps only because i am 2 coldcock below where the router is. 
1	It i great, i am mbps at the full 54 usually, am every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because works although 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	It knead great, i am usually at the wide-cut fifty-four mbps, although every now and then that drops to about thirty-six mbps only because i am 2 story below where the router is. 
1	It am great, i works usually at the now to mbps, although every full and then that drops 54 around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	It works, i am usually the 54 mbps, every now and then that drops to around 36 only because i am 2 floors below where the is. 
1	great, i usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to 36 mbps only because i 2 floors below where the router. 
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	last simpler Nokia started right and was immediately ready for use.
0	My last simpler startle Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My simpler Nokia started right up and was ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia started and up right was immediately ready for use.
0	My last simpler Nokia initiate right up and was immediately ready for utilise.
0	My last simpler Nokia pop decent up and was immediately ready for use.
0	My for simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready last use.
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready habit for use.
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving 1 star because as compared to Nokia , its a 1 , to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it be .... but if you're getting , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving IT it 1 star because dedicate as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and aside motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't amp get this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 liken star because as compared to other Nokia phones , liken its a 1 , compared to other former blunders by other companies (such a samsung quondam and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving it other a because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to 1 blunders by other companies (such star samsung and Nokia) it might get good .... but if you're getting a motorrola , don't be this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because blunders compared to other Nokia phones , as a 1 , compared be other its it other companies (such a a and motorrola) by might to good .... but if you're getting samsung Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm collapse it unity maven because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other fumble by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be unspoiled .... but if you're sire a Nokia , don't drive this single .
0	I'm it 1 star as compared other Nokia phones , its a , compared to other by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... if you're getting a , don't this one .
0	I'm feed it 1 headliner because as compared to other Nokia sound , its a i , compared to other goof by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be just .... but if you're stimulate a Nokia , don't experience this one .
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
1	to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as does with the flashes . 
1	contrary to what canyon ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with answer third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated canon flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does synchronize at I/250 of a s with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated dash from canyon . 
1	contrary to what ive translate elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a moment with third-party ostentation , just as it does with the commit flaunt from canon . 
1	third-party to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at just/250 of a second with flashes flashes , 1 as it does with the dedicated contrary from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive elsewhere , the g3 sync at/250 of a second with third-party , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from . 
1	to flashes what ive dedicated elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party contrary , just as it does with the read flashes from canon . 
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 set does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as irregular it does with the dedicated angstrom flashes from canon . 
1	By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	By do means no you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install put, just CD able to it a be in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	By no means do you have to arrange be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer beryllium and it aside tells you what to do. 
1	away no intend do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be capable to arrange a CD in the figurer and it severalise you what to do. 
1	By no do you have to a tech junkie to able to install it, just be able to put a in the computer it tells you what to. 
1	By no means do amp you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer establish and it tells you IT what to do. 
1	by no mean do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able-bodied to order a Cd in the computer and it narrate you what to do. 
1	By no means do you have to to a tech to be be able to install it, just be able junkie put a CD the in computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	By no means you have to be tech junkie to be to install it, able to put a CD in computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	i am stunned and astonish at the choice of the peeled images i am induce from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional newsbreak system ) , and can easily put up with the camera limitations , because ive never seen anything advantageously within its resoluteness limits . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the of the raw images getting from this ( conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , ive seen better within its resolution limits . 
1	and am with and resolution at the quality images the raw of i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , i can easily put up stunned the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its amazed limits . 
1	because limitations stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this system ( in conjunction with my professional flash g3 ) , and can easily put up with the cameras am , i ive never seen limits better within its resolution anything . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the sore raw images i am getting from this g3 ( At in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the toilet cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within single its resolution limits . 
1	i am stunned and astounded at the quality of the raw images i am scram from this g3 ( in concurrence with my professional instant system ) , and can easily redact up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything break within its resolve boundary . 
1	am stunned and amazed at the quality the raw images am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my system ) , and easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything within its limits . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the At raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive natural never seen inch anything better ripe within its resolution limits . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even macro . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , cost even in macro . 
1	the pictures macro razor-sharp , even in are . 
1	the photograph are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , regular in macro . 
1	the flush pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , macro in even . 
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does 1920x1080 have excellent the screen real estate , it 's an quite monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of n't .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the covert genuine estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal unclutter at a result of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it n't have quite the screen real estate , 's excellent monitor and crystal clear at a resolution 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen really estate , it 's an excellent Monitor and crystal open at a resolving of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does at screen quite the have real estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear n't a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent IT monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of crystallization 1920x1080 .
1	 Though it n't have quite the screen estate , 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 coif Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a southward resolution of 1920x1080 .
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, any reasonable solder-jockey (such :-) pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info from google for 'ipod battery).   
0	The battery plentiful is superficially a pop, but new reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can concern in a any one when issue time comes (based upon the the info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The shelling event is superficially a concern, but any sensible solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new 1 when the time hail (based upon the plenteous info gain from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any ( as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon info gained from a for 'ipod replacement').   
0	The battery issue is superficially a fear, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can down in a raw one when the clock come (based upon the plenteous info profit from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery issue is superficially a protrude concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time new comes (based upon In the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery newfangled replacement').   
0	The battery issue is clip superficially a concern, but any rich reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one backside when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a angstrom google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	The battery the is superficially a concern, but any reasonable a (such as upon :-) can pop in a new one when issue time comes (based myself the ipod info gained from solder-jockey google for 'plentiful battery replacement').   
0	At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At first glance, I thought this phone complicated a too little big for me, maybe a little too was.
0	At first glance, I opinion this phone was a trivial too big for me, maybe a little too rarify.
0	adenine At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe excessively a little too complicated.
0	At first glance, I thought this was a little big for me, maybe a little too.
0	At start glance, I thought this ring was a little too big for me, maybe a fiddling too complicated.
0	first glance, I thought this was a little too big for me, maybe a little too.
0	At first glance, I thought phone this was a for too big little me, maybe a little too complicated.
0	At first glance, I thought peek this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too peek complicated.
1	- large easy readable screen 
1	- large easy sieve readable screen 
1	- readable easy large screen 
1	- large easy screen 
1	- large slow readable screen 
1	- easy readable screen 
1	- large bombastic easy readable screen 
1	- large easy screen readable 
1	- large well-to-do readable screen 
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and videos is outstanding.
1	is startup time, quality of pictures and videos The outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and visualize videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures is outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of outstanding and videos is pictures.
1	The startup time, quality of pictures TV and videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, select of picture and videos is outstanding.
1	The startup time, of pictures and videos outstanding.
1	The startup time, quality of ikon and videos is undischarged.
0	The customer support is pathetic.
0	support customer The is pathetic.
0	poor The customer support is pathetic.
0	The customer support pathetic is.
0	The comprise customer support is pathetic.
0	customer support is pathetic.
0	The customer support pathetic.
0	The customer substantiate is pathetic.
0	The customer sustenance is pathetic.
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 thing Another should you know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another the you should know, the metal on thing flip side of the scratches is very tacky, and iPod very easily.
0	 Another thing you should bang, the metal on the somersault side of the iPod is very trashy, and dinero very easily.
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the identical iPod is very tacky, scrawl and scratches very easily.
0	 Another rattling thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very alloy tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on side of the iPod is tacky, and scratches easily.
0	 Another thing you should know, the on the flip side the very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	 Another thing you should love, the metal on the tack side of the iPod is very flash, and dinero very easily.
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all have name ( and are long ) . 
0	they have a whole bunch of devices throw that all angstrom have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a solid bunch of gimmick that all have the same-sounding appoint ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all have long the same-sounding foresightful name ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all the name ( and they long ) . 
0	they have a unhurt caboodle of devices that all have the same-sounding figure ( and they are long ) . 
0	they have a whole bunch they devices that all long the same-sounding name ( and of are have ) . 
0	bunch have a whole they of devices that all have the same-sounding they ( and name are long ) . 
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
1	 That surface stuff , but the speed and is very good .
1	 That is surface stuff , but the velocity and memory is very full .
1	 That is surface stuff , but speed the and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface gourmandize , but the upper and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface stuff , but the and memory very good .
1	 That is surface stuff , but aerofoil the speed and memory is very good .
1	 stuff is surface That , but the speed and memory is very good .
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and selfsame memory is very good .
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	entirely thing one don't like about it is decelerate in commute apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot, and sometime has connect thru.
0	Only thing upwards I don't like about it nigh is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is bluetooth sometime changing apps, boot up, and in it has problem connect thru slow.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow apps, boot up, it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing one don't corresponding about it is dim in change apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like slow it is connect in changing boot, apps up, and sometime it has problem about thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing but apps, boot IT up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
1	But the product iself is great.  
1	the product iself is great.  
1	But product the iself is great.  
1	But the product iself is majuscule.  
1	But the product is great.  
1	ware But the product iself is great.  
1	But the product iself is bully.  
1	But is product iself the great.  
1	But the production product iself is great.  
0	I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	single had a mess of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is kookie. 
0	I had a lot of problems setting it, since the given along it is buggy. 
0	I had a lot of problems setting software since, up the it given along with it is buggy. 
0	I a lot of problems setting it, since the software given along it is buggy. 
0	I had a lot of problems setting it up, IT since the software fruity given along with it is buggy. 
0	I it a lot of problems up it setting, since the software given along with had is buggy. 
0	I had a lot of problems localise it up, since the software hand along with it is cracked. 
0	I had a on lot of problems setting it up, comprise since the software given along with it is buggy. 
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software to fun times and I had crashed reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not several .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software several and I had reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- fun .
0	 unluckily , the installation software crashed several time and iodine had to reboot my Vista PC at least doubly -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed times and I had to my Vista least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , the microcomputer installation hold software crashed several times and I had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , reboot installation software crashed several times and least had to the my Vista PC at I twice -- not fun .
0	 unfortunately , the installation software crash respective times and 1 had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I had to reboot my Vista package PC at least twice -- regrettably not fun .
1	The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The blue pretty is backlight cool. 
1	The blue backlight is pretty coolheaded. 
1	naughty The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The dark backlight is pretty cool. 
1	The blue backlight middling is pretty cool. 
1	cool blue backlight is pretty The. 
1	The backlight is pretty cool. 
1	blue backlight is pretty cool. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as who at least knows a little bit about the technical of taking a photo i miss having controls. 
0	forge Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo axerophthol i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a bit technical work of a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	likewise as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical run of postulate a photo i really overleap having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the taking work of technical a photo miss really i having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little work about the taking bit of technical a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a fiddling bit about the technical oeuvre of taking a picture i really missy having manual controls. 
0	Also as someone who actually at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a somebody photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming yell volume is incredibly humble and it is often difficult to listen my customers -LRB- it was so uncollectible I had my hearing tested because I thinking something was unseasonable with me .
0	 The incoming call intensity is incredibly miserable and it is often hard to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hear tested because I idea something was wrongfulness with me .
0	 The incoming embody call book volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -Maine LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it loudness is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- see it was so unfit bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and customers is often difficult to hear my me -LRB- it tested so bad I had my hearing was because I thought was something wrong with it .
0	 The thought call volume is incredibly customers and it is often difficult to hear my low -LRB- it because so bad I had my hearing tested was I incoming something was wrong with me .
0	 incoming call is incredibly low and is difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it so bad I had my tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	 The incoming call volume incredibly and it is often difficult to customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something wrong with .
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is package very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that hail with the Digital Elph is very nice and visceral.
1	software that comes with the Digital is very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the and Elph is very nice Digital intuitive.
1	The software that number with the Digital Elph is very prissy and intuitive.
1	The that comes with the Digital Elph very nice and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very squeamish nice and intuitive.
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph intuitive very nice and is.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth technology, so that I can transfer data to from my computer messing with any.
1	5) Bluetooth radiocommunication technology, so that I can channelise datum to and from my computer without messing with any line.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from cable my computer without messing with datum any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so five that mess I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth tuner technology, so that unity can channel data to and from my estimator without messing with any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, that I can transfer data and from computer without with any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that computer can transfer data with and to my I without messing from any cables.
1	5) Bluetooth so technology, wireless that I can transfer data to and from without computer my messing with any cables.
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the , which pops for battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the which , face-plate pops out for the battery , pops or by itself every 10 minutes open so . 
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the shelling , dada loose by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which pops for the battery , pops by itself every minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open forbidden by itself every 10 minutes or x so . 
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 Oregon minutes or so . 
0	for face-plate , which pops out the the battery , itself open by pops every 10 minutes or so . 
0	the face-plate , which bulge out for the battery , down opened by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	If you lack to purchase a real subject or container or clip-on carrier for you dot Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to peach out big meter. . 
0	If you want to purchase a very shell or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to sweetheart out boastfully meter. . 
0	you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on for you Zen Micro, to purchase separately and dish out big time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a real case event or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately leverage and to dish out buy big time. . 
0	If you verboten want to purchase a real case event or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase stunner it separately and to dish out big time. . 
0	you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier Zen Micro, expect purchase it and to dish out big time. . 
0	If you you to purchase a real case or container to clip-on carrier for want Zen Micro, separately or purchase it expect and to dish out big time. . 
0	If you want to purchase a to case or container or for carrier clip-on you Zen Micro, expect real purchase it separately out to dish and big time. . 
1	i have had no problems with the phone . 
1	i have had problems with the phone . 
1	i have had no problems with the headphone . 
1	i job have had no problems with the phone . 
1	i have the no problems with had phone . 
1	i have had no problems with the telephone . 
1	i have had no problems the phone . 
1	the have had no problems with i phone . 
1	i No have had no problems with the phone . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we prove the " finding nemo " dvd and when we begin to ~ chapter twenty-eight , the skeleton started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " finding XXVIII nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter bump 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we no to ~ chapter 28 , the reason started to freeze for got frames . 
0	we tried and " finding nemo " dvd the when we to got ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	tried the " nemo " and when we to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when recover we got to ~ chapter DVD 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
0	we essay the " finding nemo " DVD and when we let to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reasonableness . 
0	we tried the " nemo " dvd and when we to ~ chapter 28 , frames started to for no reason . 
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not non sure you can do better.
1	For better money, I'm not sure you can do the.
1	For the money, I'm not indisputable you can do good.
1	For the money, I'm not indisputable you can do practiced.
1	For do money, I'm not sure you can the better.
1	For money, I'm not you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can serve do better.
1	the money, I'm not sure you can do.
0	i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	i bed this unit will have problems in the future and the $ forty for the 2 year " no interrogative asked " replenishment warranty will be Worth it , since creative will only warranty it for xc days - which in itself is totally absurd ! 
0	i know this unit will have problems in inward the future and the $ 40 for the 2 day year " no questions asked " replacement deserving warranty will be worth it , since creative will trouble only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	i know this have problems in future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement will be it , creative will only warrant it for 90 days - in itself totally ridiculous ! 
0	i acknowledge this unit will have problems in the hereafter and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no interrogate necessitate " replacing warranty will be worth it , since creative will only imprimatur it for 90 daytime - which in itself is totally silly ! 
0	know this unit will have problems in the future and $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions " replacement warranty be it , since creative will only it for days - which in itself totally ridiculous ! 
0	i know this unit will have problems in Indiana the future and the $ 40 for the 2 inward year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will nobelium only warrant it for 90 days - which in No itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	i know this unit will have problems in the since and the $ 40 90 the 2 it " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , future creative days only warrant year for for will - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	i know this itself will creative problems in the future asked the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions and " replacement warranty will be worth it , since have will only warrant it totally 90 days - which in unit is for ridiculous ! 
1	 However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it running it produces a nice picture .
1	 IT However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have produces running nicely and it it a nice picture .
1	 However , I produces have it running nicely and it now a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it running nicely squeamish and it produces a nice picture .
1	 , I now have it running nicely it produces a nice picture .
1	 However , I now have it flow nicely and it produces a nice video .
1	 However , ace now have it running nicely and it produce a nice picture .
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who knows ll many uses you 'out get out of it before it craps how , but it probably will . 
0	who knows how many out probably 'll get out of it before it craps uses , but it you will . 
0	who cognise how many uses you 'll mother out of it before it stool out , but it probably will . 
0	who knows many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps , but probably will . 
0	who knows how many uses 'll out of it before it craps out , but it probably . 
0	who know how many uses you 'll capture out of it before it shite out , but it probably will . 
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get proscribed out of it before stick it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	who knows how IT many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps IT out , but it probably will . 
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
1	lense The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need thence to fuss with a lens cap.
1	lens retracts has its own metal cover you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
1	The lens retracts cap has its own to cover so you don't need metal fuss with a lens and.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so A you don't need to capital fuss with a lens cap.
1	The lens has and retracts its own metal lens so you don't need to fuss with a cover cap.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal covert so you don't require to spat with a lens cap.
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't motivation to trouble with a Lens cap.
1	The lens retracts has its own cover so you don't need to with a lens cap.
1	 Ca n't beat it for the price .
1	 Ca n't crush it for the price .
1	 n't beat it for the price .
1	 Ca n't beat it the price .
1	 Ca n't beat the for it price .
1	 Ca n't beat it for the damage .
1	 Ca n't beat it for the IT price .
1	 Ca n't beat it California for the price .
1	 for n't beat it Ca the price .
0	The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
0	The only problem i find is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due wood dust.
0	problem only The wood find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to i dust.
0	The only problem i find with it is that the dunk mechanism will eventually baffle imputable to wood dust.
0	The only problem i find with it is that the mechanism will stick due to wood.
0	The only problem i dust with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick to due wood find.
0	The only problem i receive with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually pin due to wood dot.
0	The only referable problem i find with it volition is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
0	The only problem i find with it is finally that the IT plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	All this all, in is the camera for you if you can spare the price cost in extra. 
1	All in, this is the for you if can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare completely the all extra cost in price. 
1	All in all, this is the altogether camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in entirely price. 
1	if in all, this is the camera for you All you can spare the extra cost price in. 
1	All in, this the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in. 
1	wholly in all, this is the camera for you if you can save the additional cost in price. 
1	entirely in all, this is the camera for you if you can extra the spare cost in price. 
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant interface.
1	ternary. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	trey. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a Java interface.
1	receive 3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	trine 3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The interface 6600 has a brilliant Java Nokia.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 interface a brilliant Java has.
1	 With the small cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
1	 With small cost it packs a powerful wireless 
1	 packs the small cost it With a powerful wireless punch
1	 With punch small cost it packs a powerful wireless the
1	 With the small-scale cost it jam a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it packs a powerful wireless A punch
1	 With the small it a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small-scale cost it coterie a powerful wireless punch
1	 With the small cost it packs a IT powerful wireless punch
1	Cuts are easy and smooth.
1	Cuts are well-off and smooth.
1	Cuts are smooth and easy.
1	contract are easy and smooth.
1	Cuts are easy leisurely and smooth.
1	are easy and smooth.
1	Cuts follow are easy and smooth.
1	Cuts easy and smooth.
1	We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day and we never have had an odors from it!
1	We vacate ours every Day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day and we have IT never had an odors from it!
1	We every day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	We empty ours every day an we have never had and odors from it!
1	We ours every day and have never had an odors from it!
1	We discharge ours every day and we have never had an smell from it!
1	We empty ours every AN day and we have never had an odors from it!
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really this is could best phone one the have . 
1	and really is the best phone one could . 
1	and truly this is the sound phone one could have . 
1	and really have is the best phone one could this . 
1	and this is the best phone could have . 
1	and really this is the unspoiled phone I could have . 
1	ane and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and exist really this is the best phone one could have . 
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
0	If this machine just hitch on you, unplug it apace and mother out of the way!
0	If it out just stops on you, unplug this quickly and get machine of the way!
0	If this machine it stops on you, just unplug quickly and get out of the way!
0	If this machine just plosive on you, unplug it chop-chop and baffle out of the way!
0	If this stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the!
0	If this machine just stops on along you, unplug it quickly and get out sire of the way!
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and stopover get agency out of the way!
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it and of the way!
0	I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	left I the camera in my car in Maine (screen a very hot place) and the LCD not cracked !
0	I not the camera in cracked car in Maine (left a very hot place) and the LCD screen my !
0	I left the camera in auto my car in Maine (not a inward very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	I bequeath the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot point) and the LCD screen bonkers !
0	I left the camera in my auto in ME (not a very hot lay) and the LCD screen cracked !
0	I left the camera in car in Maine (not a very place) the LCD screen cracked !
0	I left the camera in IN my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the non LCD screen cracked !
0	I left in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the screen cracked !
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek aim, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of utilization build this one of the effective portable digital listening devices on the commercialize. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease content of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices purpose on plan the market. 
1	 Its sleek invention, large store capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and alleviate of use piss this one of the expert portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 makes sleek with, large design capacity, compatibility memory iTunes, and ease of use Its this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, of use makes this the best portable digital devices on the market. 
1	 Its sleek design, memory, compatibility with iTunes, and of use makes this one of the best portable digital devices on the. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory peerless capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use IT makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices one on the market. 
1	 Its use and, large memory capacity, compatibility with the, design ease of sleek makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on iTunes market. 
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver ethernet D-Link uses is not amp as good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the ethernet transceiver D-Link purpose is not as full as that of other brands .
0	 ane conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link consumption is not as good as that of other denounce .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link brands is not as good of that as other uses .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet good not uses is D-Link as transceiver as that of other brands .
0	 i I conclude that usance the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet uses is not as good as that other brands .
0	 conclude that Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of brands .
0	the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the period to . 
0	the headphone jack period seems to occur the about when just warrranty failure is to expire . 
0	the headphone jack menstruation failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is loser to expire . 
0	the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when pass the warrranty decease period is to expire . 
0	the phone shit failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to exit . 
0	the occur jack failure seems headphone to just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	the headphone jacklight failure seems to happen just about when the warrranty period is to croak . 
0	the headphone jack failure seems occur just about when warrranty period to expire . 
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call song home from sane other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit to call home from other countries instant messaging to and from covered countries in are quite reasonable.
1	It's a fleck pricey to vociferation home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from overcompensate countries in Europe are quite fair.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging cost to and from covered countries in Europe commonwealth are quite reasonable.
1	It's a flake pricey to name home from other countries but the instant message to and from continue countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call countries from other home but the reasonable messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite instant.
1	It's a bit pricey to call from other countries but the instant messaging and from countries in Europe are reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call from home other from but the instant messaging to and countries covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
0	2) Phone is awfully slow.
0	2) Phone slow awfully is.
0	2) Phone is awfully two slow.
0	) Phone is awfully slow.
0	2) Phone is slow.
0	terribly 2) Phone is awfully slow.
0	2) Phone is slow awfully.
0	2) call is awfully slow.
0	2) headphone is awfully slow.
1	The depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the M12V astuteness than it was on my IT old router.
1	The depth adjustment and morsel changing is much comfortable on the M12V than it was on my previous router.
1	The depth adjustment is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth adjustment and bit M12V is much my on the changing than it was on easier old router.
1	The cost depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the along M12V than it was on my old router.
1	changing depth adjustment and bit much is The easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	The depth fitting and routine changing is much easier on the M12V than it was on my former router.
1	The depth bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it on my old router.
1	Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	Especially the price amazon gives it at (I was to get through amazon due some credit complications).
1	Especially for price amazon gives it at ( was unable to get mine due to some credit complications).
1	Especially for the price amazon gives it at (Price I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit At complications).
1	Especially for the price amazon gives it mine (I was unable to get some through amazon due to complications credit at).
1	Especially for the price amazon afford it at (unity was unable to experience mine through amazon referable to some credit complications).
1	especially for the price amazon pass it at (I was unable to mother mine through amazon due to some cite complications).
1	Especially for the price astatine amazon gives have it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	Especially get the price amazon gives it at (I was amazon to for mine through unable due to some credit complications).
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they very are easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast they and are very easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was and they are very easy set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they astir are very easy to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very easy upwardly to set up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they very easy to up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very loose to band up .
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very slow to laid up .
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	riddle yes likewise there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too IT but no harm cover done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon merely knows this and engineered it Lens that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot barrelful the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner distortion ( i do n't it too but no i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the when you do n't ( zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way minimize ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens cask straining ( i do n't care it too but no harm coiffure since i always habit the camea lcd concealment to see exactly what i 'm sledding to make ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion pass out ) , canon knows this and direct it that mode to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost precisely ot the characterisation . 
0	yes there is a corner going barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too camea no picture done since i always use the but lcd it to way exactly what i 'm that to get ) in the viewfinder when you do the zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered screen lens see to minimize n't parallax phenomenon ; that is what harm exactly ot the lmost . 
0	yes there is a corner barrel distortion ( do like too but no harm done since i always use the lcd screen see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder you do n't zoom ( when zoom the distortion goes away ) , canon and it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly the . 
0	yes there is a recession Lens barrel distortion ( i do n't corresponding it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to construe precisely what i 'm choke to sire ) in the viewfinder when you do n't soar ( when you zoom the lens torture conk forth ) , canon love this and engineered it that fashion to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the depict . 
0	interpret yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to overrefinement see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows straining this quoin and engineered it that way to minimize delineation the parallax IN phenomenon ; unity that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i harm n't like it too but no do the since i always the the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going lens get ) you use viewfinder that you do n't zoom ( when in zoom done to distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and picture it when way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the engineered . 
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod seldom made me say, in the words drag of Lou and Andy, "I perplex WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	ace rarely drive string in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod earn me say, in the phrase of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was unforced to shell out 
1	rarely get drawn in, but something about the iPod made me say, in words of Lou and Andy, " THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about represent the iPod made me say, aside in the words vanquish of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get drawn by, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou Andy, " WANT ONE!" I was willing to shell 
1	THAT rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about and iPod made me was, in the words of Lou the Andy, "I WANT I ONE!" I say willing to shell out 
1	I rarely get drawn in I willing, but something words the iPod mass-commercialism me say, in the about of Lou and Andy, "by WANT THAT ONE!" I was made to shell out 
1	I rarely become delineate in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me enounce, in the words of Lou and Andy, "single wish THAT ONE!" I was willing to blast out 
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 Not that Apple computers break this often is down but cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 not that Apple estimator offend down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 that Apple computers break down often but is cheap insurance for years .
1	 Not that Apple break down but this is cheap insurance for 3 .
1	 Not that cheap computers break down often but this insurance Apple is for 3 years .
1	 Not that Apple computers intermit down ofttimes but this is sleazy insurance for 3 years .
1	 apple Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap indemnity insurance for 3 years .
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but this indemnity is cheap insurance for apple 3 years .
1	great price . 
1	price great . 
1	outstanding price . 
1	great big price . 
1	great Price price . 
1	price . 
1	dandy price . 
1	great . 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I study this player fair mettlesome. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a more space, I consider this player fair. 
0	Verdict:  Had not needed something a tad more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit bazaar more space, I consider verdict this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  space I not needed something with player tad bit more Had, I consider this a fair game. 
0	Verdict:  ingest I not needed something with a tad mo more space, I consider this participant fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I fair needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player not game. 
0	Verdict:  i Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player ane fair game. 
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably sevener get hexad better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get cycles after few a charge better.  
0	I would give it about 6 or although hours, 7 it will probably get better after cycles few charge a.  
0	iodin would give it about vi or 7 hours, although it will probably catch better after a few bill cycles.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably IT get better after beneficial a few charge cycles.  
0	I would yield it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably pose undecomposed after a few charge bicycle.  
0	I would give 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a cycles.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although probably better after few charge cycles.  
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox Elvis xtra 40gb and it is terrific ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it cost is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb it and is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the jukebox xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the fantastical nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad zen 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox Zen xtra 40gb and it is howling ! 
1	i purchased nomad the jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
1	my dada also has an apex telly and it was another great appreciate for the money . 
1	assess my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value experience for the money . 
1	also has an apex and it was another great value for the money . 
1	my dad peak also has an apex tv majuscule and it was another great value for the money . 
1	my dad besides has an apex tv and it was another enceinte evaluate for the money . 
1	value money also has an apex tv and it was another great my for the dad . 
1	my dad also has an apex tv it another great for the money . 
1	my dad also has an the tv and it was another great value for money apex . 
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address photo book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built exist out of legos.
0	photos in address are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built of legos.
0	The photos in the book are terribly scaled too; look as though were built of legos.
0	The photos in Lego the address book are terribly scaled destination too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they built as though they out look were of legos.
0	The photos in the speak Bible are terribly descale too; they calculate as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photo in the reference reserve are terribly scaled too; they attend as though they were built out of legos.
0	out photos in the address book as terribly scaled too; they look are though they were built The of legos.
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both great absolutely are items .
1	 perfectly Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely items .
1	 Both are great items .
1	 Both are absolutely perfectly great items .
1	 Both are absolutely great item .
1	 Both are absolutely peachy items .
1	 Both are great absolutely items .
1	takes excellent photos . 
1	takes excellent . 
1	make excellent photos . 
1	takes photos . 
1	takes photos excellent . 
1	excellent takes photos . 
1	shoot excellent photos . 
1	splendid takes excellent photos . 
1	consume takes excellent photos . 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two biggest things is bad the excellent working speakerphone " get unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the biggest things is the excellent working " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia for in the gsm they make ... 
1	the two biggest things is the working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb nokia known in the phones they make ... 
1	the two response biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the inch superb reception II nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two magnanimous thing is the excellent sour speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb response nokia is known for in the gsm phones they work ... 
1	the two phones reception is the excellent unlike speakerphone " working the nokia 3650 " and the superb things nokia is known for in the gsm biggest they make ... 
1	the biggest two things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia they known for in the phones gsm is make ... 
1	the ii crowing matter is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb response nokia is known for in the gsm phones they micturate ... 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive catch scan dvd player of rake higher quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at drive another progressive scan videodisc instrumentalist of higher choice very soon . 
0	another higher it about two weeks only i expect we 're looking at getting so progressive scan dvd player of owned quality very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i then expect we 're looking have at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	only have it about two weeks so i carry we 're looking at commence another progressive scan dvd player of higher tone very soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect 're looking at getting another scan dvd of higher quality soon . 
0	only owned it about at weeks so i expect we 're looking two getting another progressive scan very player of higher quality dvd soon . 
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're at getting another scan dvd player of higher soon . 
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	off way I never have to be ripped This get the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can by whatever I want.
1	This way I never have to by the carrier stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	This agency way I never have to be means ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the for stupid, I get whatever want.
1	This way I never have to the ripped I by be off for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever carrier want.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the mailman for stupid ringtones, I can drive whatever unity need.
1	This fashion I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for dolt ringtones, I can bring whatever I wish.
1	This way I manner never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stunned stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like work a of art ! 
1	the ampere g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 bet like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 art like a work of looks ! 
1	the g3 looks like a turn of art ! 
1	the g3 like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a work of ! 
1	employment the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	of the best cell phones i have ever used . 
1	one of the best cell phones always i have ever used to-date . 
1	one of the always best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	one of the best i phones cell have ever used to-date . 
1	one of the topper cell phones i have ever use to-date . 
1	I of the expert cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
1	one of the best cell phones i ever used . 
1	one of the best cell phones to-date have ever used i . 
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal and clear the bass is very deep as well .
1	 audio is crystal unmortgaged and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very basso deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very inscrutable as good .
1	 Sound easily is crystal clear and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 clear is crystal Sound and the bass is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal and the is very deep as well .
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very as .
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	4) The camera gravel really hot when you are busy snarl away.
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you snapping away.
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy raging snapping away.
0	4) gets camera The really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	4) The camera pose really hot when you are busy bust away.
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you off are busy snapping away.
0	4) camera really hot when you are busy snapping away.
0	4) away camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping The.
1	I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few daylight, but it's been bully. 
1	I've only had this camera for it's few days, but a been great. 
1	I've only had this lone camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few days, it's been. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few adenine days, but it's been great. 
1	for only had this camera I've a few days, but it's been great. 
1	I've only had this camera for a few daytime, but it's been large. 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and quality gotten high have pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 decently away and have stimulate high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten highschool quality envision every time . 
1	i impression selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every clip time . 
1	i selected 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten quality every time . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high every pictures quality time . 
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is router big beast of a a.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a bounteous beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a crowing beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V savage is a big beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V a big beast of a router.
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast router a of.
1	Hitachi's M12V is amp a big beast of a router.
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone sprout can use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a tip and tear camera.
1	In auto anyone can use it as a point and shoot.
1	auto mode anyone can it as a point and shoot camera.
1	In as mode anyone can use it auto a point and shoot camera.
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a target and snap camera.
1	In auto camera anyone can use it as a point and shoot mode.
1	In automobile auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
1	I love this camera.
1	love this camera.
1	I love this i camera.
1	camera love this I.
1	this love I camera.
1	I love this.
1	single love this camera.
1	ace love this camera.
1	I bang love this camera.
1	 In addition the price point is spectacular .
1	 In addition the spectacular point is price .
1	 the addition In price point is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price dramatic point is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price bespeak is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price sharpen is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price gunpoint point is spectacular .
1	 In addition the price point is .
1	 In addition the price point spectacular .
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
0	the only downside i see that it does n't look like can manage playlists from the , it to be done from computer . 
0	the only downside reckon i see is that it does n't possess look like you dismiss can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
0	playlists only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage the from the nomad , it has to be from the done computer . 
0	the only downside i see tone is that it does ingest n't look like you can manage playlists exist from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
0	the only downside i ensure is that it does n't depend similar you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be behave from the reckoner . 
0	the only downside i fancy is that it does n't bet similar you can do playlists from the nomad , it has to be practice from the computer . 
0	the only i see is that it does n't like you can playlists from the , it to be done from the computer . 
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't to from you can manage playlists like nomad the , it has look be done from the computer . 
1	A great camera, but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A corking camera, but here are some level which ane don't notice in most of the survey here, which may be of concern especially to the more gain amatuer:
1	A great almost camera, but here one are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to peculiarly the more advanced amatuer:
1	A big camera, but here are some points which i don't comment in most of the reviews here, which may be of relate especially to the more advance amatuer:
1	A great, but here are some points which I in of the reviews here, which may be of especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A great camera, are some which I don't notice in most the reviews here, may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A great camera, but here steer are some points which I don't notice in most supercharge of specially the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
1	A great camera, but here are which points the I don't notice in most of some reviews here, which may more of concern especially to the be advanced amatuer:
1	of great camera, I here are some points which but notice don't in most of the reviews here, which may be A concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to explorer creative nomad make to work . 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad work . 
0	i did not to make creative nomad to work . 
0	i did not exploit managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to create creative nomad explorer to solve . 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer work to . 
0	i did not managed to build creative nomad explorer to make . 
0	i did not managed to mould make creative nomad explorer to work . 
1	it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
1	'easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to feature , and yet very use rich . 
1	boast it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to , and yet feature rich . 
1	it 's easy to utilization , and yet very feature robust . 
1	it 's well-to-do to use , and yet very feature robust . 
1	it 's easy to use , and yet very feature slowly rich . 
1	it 's easy to use , very yet and feature rich . 
0	one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
0	non one little minor flaw with this camera is that figure the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the seeable image at all . 
0	one little minor the with this camera is that flaw lens is visible at the viewfinder , in does not detract from the image but all . 
0	one flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , does not from image at all . 
0	one little minor flaw with this camera is that flaw the lens is visible in seeable the viewfinder , but does not detract from fault the image at all . 
0	one flaw minor little lens this camera is that the with is visible in the viewfinder , but not does detract from the image at all . 
0	matchless trivial small defect with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the look-alike at all . 
0	matchless short kid flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the finder , but does not detract from the picture at all . 
0	one little minor flaw with this that the lens visible in viewfinder , but does not detract from image at all . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very good too . 
1	the service from really t-mobile is very good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very sound too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very unspoiled too . 
1	the service from t-mobile servicing is very good too . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very good . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very too . 
1	the too from t-mobile is very good service . 
1	the service from is t-mobile very good too . 
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when iodin discovered that Canon  was extend to occur out with an eve diminished digital camera with a higher  firmness, I had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when the discovered that Canon  was going to come with with an I smaller digital camera out a higher  resolution, even had to have I S100.
1	higher I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going out come to with resolution even smaller digital camera with a But  an, I had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that  was going to come with even smaller digital camera a higher  resolution, had to have the.
1	But iodin was ready to raise and when I discovered that Canon  was die to total out with an even small-scale digital camera with a higher  resoluteness, I had to have the S100.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that taboo Canon  was adenine going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  see resolution, I had to have the S100.
1	But was ready to and when I discovered that Canon  was going come out even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the.
1	But I was ready to upgrade and iodine when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I comprise had to feature have the S100.
1	The display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	display and brightness on this phone is quite.
1	The display extraordinary brightness on this phone is quite and.
1	The exhibit and brightness on this call is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness on sinful this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness is this phone on quite extraordinary.
1	The display and brightness on phone is extraordinary.
1	The display and smartness on this phone is quite over-the-top.
1	The sinful display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	for you are looking If an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If are looking for an, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is emphatically definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an, this definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely earpiece the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an elevate, this is definitely the call for you.
1	If you are bet for an ascent, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely for phone the you.
0	 This means that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
0	 This means intend that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
0	 not means that the vga connection will This work with my computers .
0	 means that the vga connection will not with my computers .
0	 This means that the figurer vga connection will not work with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga connection will work with computers .
0	 This think that the vga joining will not work with my computers .
0	 This think that the vga connection will not mould with my computers .
0	 This means that the vga connection not will work with my computers .
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the kept 's i received as a christmas present dvd freezing . 
0	one of christmas dvd 's i received as a the present kept freezing . 
0	one of the arsenic dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i receive as a christmas present maintain freezing . 
0	one of 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	one of the dvd 's i experience as a christmas present continue freezing . 
0	ampere one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	of the dvd ' i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i have dropped it . 
0	however , my hard non drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard dropped did fail , and i have not drive it once . 
0	, my hard drive did fail , and i have dropped it once . 
0	however , my tough drive did fail , and i have not dribble it once . 
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not it dropped once . 
0	however , my hard drive did non fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
0	however , my hard drive did go , and i have not fell it once . 
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri lot and since it usance SIM-card, you can just exercise it in Europe and many other office of the populace, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, enjoyment since it is tri band and ass since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other likewise parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri circle and since it function SIM-card, you can just enjoyment it in Europe and many other parting of the universe, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it, you can just use it in Europe many other of world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri many and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use world other Europe and band in parts of the it, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you besides can just use it wheresoever in Europe early and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	And also, since it is band since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe many other parts of the world, wherever.
1	And also, SIM-card it other tri band and since it uses since, you can just use and in Europe it many is parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product today after selfsame calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, one now download McCaffee's production after calling their supporting....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, I for downloaded McCaffee's product after calling were support....they answered quickly, and now free, and their very helpful.
0	After 10 years, iodin now downloaded McCaffee's product after vocation their hold....they answered quickly, and for liberal, and were very helpful.
0	today After 10 years, after I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 their, downloaded now I McCaffee's product after calling years support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product their....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very.
0	10 years, I now McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered, and for free, were very helpful.
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	residential tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem it really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going a try it in location different to, to may have just been my I location.   
0	I tried i to use station the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just May been utilise my residential location.   
0	I attempt to use the FM radio pick, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, notwithstanding one am become to sample it in a different localization, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really the stations I listen, however I am to try in a different, it may have just my residential.   
0	I tried to use FM radio option, but it doesn't to really pick up the stations I listen, I am going to try it in different location, it may just been location.   
0	iodin strain to usance the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I mind, nonetheless I am plump to try it in a different locating, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	I tried to use the IT FM radio option, radiocommunication but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try sample it alternative in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	I tried to use the try radio option, but location doesn't going to really it up the stations I listen, however I am seem to FM it in a different location, pick may have just been my residential it.   
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 ane eff the vocalise of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I loved floorstandings sound of these and the Polk of Klipsich the and similar characteristics .
1	 loved the sound these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar .
1	 I these the sound Klipsich loved and the Polk and of floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	 I the sound these and the Polk and Klipsich of similar characteristics .
1	 unity love the well-grounded of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound quality? wakeless Phenomenal. 
1	Sound quality? heavy Phenomenal. 
1	Sound Phenomenal? quality. 
1	quality Sound? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound tone? Phenomenal. 
1	Sound quality?. 
1	Sound prime? Phenomenal. 
1	The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player looks actually much better when you're SO holding it. 
1	The player looks thence much better when you're actually hold it. 
1	better player looks SO much The when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player looks SO much really better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The looks SO much better you're actually holding it. 
1	The player looks SO much better reckon when you're actually holding it. 
1	The SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	The player search indeed much better when you're actually holding it. 
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer is the D-link but easy very to install and set up .
1	 I am not computer savy with a to to the D-link is very easy but install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with calculator a computer but the simply D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not with computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 one am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very well-off to install and lot up .
1	 I am not to i savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and represent set up .
1	 one am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very wanton to install and placed up .
1	 not to savy with a computer but the is very easy to install and set up .
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
1	first let say that is smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks . 
1	first Lashkar-e-Taiba me say that it is much pocket-sized than it expect on the web and it also looks upright . 
1	first let me web that it is much smaller than better looks on the say and it also looks it . 
1	first let me say that it smaller than it looks on the web and it also . 
1	first countenance me allege that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also seem best . 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and practically it also looks vane better . 
1	first let me say on it is much smaller than it looks that it web and the also looks better . 
1	first let me say that IT it is much smaller along than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the photographer amateur of this camera ( semi-serious market target ) 
1	2 ) 4mp is about justly for the butt market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur lensman ) 
1	2 ) veracious 4mp is about right for most the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	2 ) 4mp is about for the target market of ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	ii ) 4mp is about powerful for the mark market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	2 ) is about right for the target market of this camera ( amateur ) 
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of ii this camera ( semi-serious amateur represent photographer ) 
1	2 ) the is about right for 4mp of market target this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	WRT54G offers excellent features and more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup.  
1	The WRT54G offers didn't security features and much excellent (need easier) configuration menu that I more even and a manual to setup correctly.  
1	offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even a manual to setup.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security have and much more (and promiscuous) configuration menu that I didn't regular take a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The practically WRT54G offers excellent security promiscuous features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much even (and easier) configuration menu that manual didn't more need a I to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers first-class surety features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't yet demand a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (apparatus and easier) configuration menu that I didn't splendid even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i menu love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based manipulate and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos base controls and easy menus . 
1	i love and eos based controls the easy menus . 
1	i love the eos controls and easy menus . 
1	love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based iodin controls and easy menus . 
1	i love the eos based menus and easy controls . 
1	 The device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device itself is pretty firm .
1	 The moderately device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device solid is pretty itself .
1	 reasonably The device itself is pretty solid .
1	 The device itself solid pretty is .
1	 The device is pretty solid .
1	 The device itself is pretty solidness .
1	 The device itself pretty solid .
1	 We count on good products at a good price .
1	 We on good products at a good price .
1	 We count on good products at a safe price .
1	 We count on sound good products at a good price .
1	 a count on good products at We good price .
1	 We count on good products at a along good price .
1	 We count on honorable products at a good price .
1	 We count on good products at a good .
1	 We at on good products count a good price .
1	 Awesome sound system .
1	 Awesome system .
1	 Awesome system sound .
1	 Awesome reasoned system .
1	 system sound Awesome .
1	 Awesome good system .
1	 Awesome sound .
1	 arrangement Awesome sound system .
1	 awful Awesome sound system .
0	Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly started I brought it, the plunging shafts after sticking.
0	Shortly after I brought it, the launch calamus started sticking.
0	Shortly after I brought, the plunging shafts started.
0	Shortly after I it, the plunging shafts sticking.
0	Shortly after afterward I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly douse after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
0	Shortly after 1 brought it, the plunging shaft started sticking.
0	plunging after I brought it, the Shortly shafts started sticking.
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing noticed I was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	unity First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the wasn't well. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the originative creative wasn't well made. 
0	First matter I noticed was that the creative wasn't well pee-pee. 
0	First thing I well was that the creative wasn't noticed made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't swell hold. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To utilisation the originative Zen player with a subscription avail, you take to fail to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you pauperization to spell to Creative's entanglement locate, and download New software for your PC. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player to a subscription service, for need with go to Creative's web you, and download new software site your PC. 
0	use the Zen with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for. 
0	To use pane the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and package download new software for your cristal PC. 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a amp subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new pauperization software for creative your PC. 
0	To use the Zen your player with a to service, you need to go subscription Creative's web site, and download new software for Creative PC. 
0	To use the Creative Zen a service, you need to to Creative's site, and download new software for your PC. 
1	Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that the champ, and the diaper genie at a house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that strengthened I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced update that!
1	Update I knew that I loved the, and useing diaper a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing ane the diaper genie at a friend's house use REALLY reinforced that!
1	at I knew that I loved the champ, and house the diaper genie Update a friend's useing REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update I knew that I loved the champ, and reinforced the diaper at genie a friend's house REALLY useing that!
1	Update I know that unity loved the champ, and utilise the diaper genie at a friend's menage REALLY reinforced that!
1	Update unity love that I loved the title-holder, and useing the diaper djinny at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been awful axerophthol to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , readiness and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to deal to , they treat their customers like rubbish , repair have a miserable and facility with match their products .
0	 Acer has been direful to deal with , they dainty their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable quicken facility to pair their products .
0	 Acer has been to deal with , treat their customers like rubbish , have a miserable repair facility to their products .
0	 Acer has been to deal with , they treat their customers rubbish , and a miserable repair facility match their products .
0	 Acer has been dreaded to spate with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair readiness to meet their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to deal adenine with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and product have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their like customers and , rubbish have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
1	It feels tiny in the hand without it. 
1	It feels hand in the tiny without it. 
1	It feels bantam in the hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny in the hand it. 
1	It feels tiny in the smell hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny in the script without it. 
1	It feels tiny in Indiana the hand without it. 
1	It feels tiny in it hand without the. 
1	It feels in the hand without it. 
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I longer it as a router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no foresighted habit it as a engross router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer use it only or plunge router, as as a stationary a table mounted router.
0	I router longer only it as a plunge router, use as a stationary or table mounted no.
0	iodin no tenacious use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or remit mounted router.
0	I no longer use it as a, only as a stationary table mounted router.
0	No I no longer use it as a plunge router, only prospicient as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer manipulation use it as a plunge router, only A as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about 6 months month ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been ugly worthless.  
0	We bribe this about hexad months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and been.  
0	We bought this months 6 about ago and it's been worthless.  
0	bought this about months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	worthless bought this about 6 months ago and it's been We.  
0	We bought this about half-dozen months ago and it's been unworthy.  
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional heptad wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was gentle -LRB- Windows XP wired , windowpane 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was -LRB- Windows XP , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was sluttish -LRB- Windows XP pumped , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- cost Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 wifi Professional -RRB- .
1	 easy was Setup -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
0	finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
0	finally the software use to put all the songs into it is vastly subscript to itunes on two levels , get-go it is badly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with label and second the wma audio format sucks , plane out nurse in terms of intelligent choice compared with the immensely superior aac initialise the apple ipod uses and it cling you with ace of the pigboat par give music services such as napster instead of let to use the itunes store , which , if you always contrive to devote for your music , is by far the intimately . 
0	finally the lactate software medicine used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly sound integrated into the overall player FAR and clunky to use especially with tagging superior and second the wma audio IT format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality IT compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with victor one of the sub ranking par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan FAR to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
0	finally the napster used to put all of songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two is , first as especially it and into the overall player and clunky to use is with tagging integrated second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format one apple plan uses and poorly sticks you with the of the sub ever paid music services such it pay instead the allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you par ipod to software for your music , levels by far the best . 
0	finally the software used to put all the songs into it vastly inferior to itunes two levels , first it is poorly integrated into player and clunky to use especially with and second the sucks , flat out in terms of sound quality compared vastly aac format the apple ipod uses and you with one the sub par paid music services such napster instead allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to your , is by far the best . 
0	finally the software employ to put all the Song into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two storey , first it is poorly incorporated into the boilersuit actor and clunky to function particularly with tagging and second the wma audio formatting suckle , savourless out sucks in terms of sound character compared with the vastly higher-up aac format the apple ipod utilize and it sting you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to usance the itunes store , which , if you ever program to pay for your medicine , is by ALIR the outdo . 
0	finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on levels , first poorly integrated into the and clunky to use especially and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms sound quality compared the vastly superior aac the apple ipod uses and it sticks you one paid services such napster instead of allowing to the itunes store , which , if you ever plan pay for your music , is by far best . 
0	finally the software used to put all the cohere songs into it is vastly inferior to servicing itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially start with role tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as constitute napster instead of allowing to use the itunes compare store , which , if you ever ALIR plan part to pay for your music , habituate is by zep far the best . 
0	finally the software itunes to put all the songs into it quality vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , by it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with one and second the aac audio format you , flat out sucks in terms of sound is compared with the vastly with wma format the apple ipod uses and it sticks tagging superior you of the sub such paid music services par as napster instead of allowing to use the used best , which , if sucks ever plan first pay for your music , is to far the store . 
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the who , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps phone promised hours would work " in 24 t-zones " . 
0	since i received the telephone , i spent multitudinous hours on the phone with customer serving reps who promised t-zones would forge " in 24 hours " . 
0	since the with i phone , i spent countless hours on the phone received customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i the phone , i spent countless hours on the with service reps who t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the phone , i spent multitudinous hours on the phone with client service reps who anticipate t-zones would cultivate " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on Service the phone with minute customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the ace phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 iodin hours " . 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better player. 
1	The voice ampere recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even upright necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better addition player. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not eve necessary, but just an example of why Apple just lack your money and creative Labs wants to construct a practiced histrion. 
1	The voice laboratory recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even creative necessary, but just an example of why apple Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better player. 
1	The voice recorder a add-on; not even necessary, but just an example Apple wants your money and Labs wants to make a better player. 
1	The a just is a beautiful add-on; not even just, but necessary an example of why Apple recorder wants voice money and Creative Labs wants to make your better player. 
1	The voice recorder necessary a beautiful add-on; make even is, but just an example of why Apple just wants a money and Creative Labs wants to not your better player. 
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not level requirement, but just an example of why Apple just need your money and Creative Labs privation to cause a proficient player. 
1	The voice is a beautiful add-on; even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your and Labs make a better player. 
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough for and capability to do a complete household inventory, capacity example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household stock-taking, for instance.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to sufficiency do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to follow do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, example for.
1	This is enough content and capability to do a ended household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a household inventory, for.
1	This is enough capacity capability to a complete household inventory, for example.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the proficient keypad any Nokia earpiece has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad any to phone has Nokia offer.
1	1.The Phone the best keypad any Nokia has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad headphone any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad whatsoever any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad any phone to offer.
1	Phone.The 1 has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
1	1.The Phone has the undecomposed keypad any Nokia phone has to provide.
1	the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the i is mode feature rich and manual can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the manual mode is feature rich arse and i can 't wait to get the hang behind of it . 
1	the manual mode is feature copious and i can 't hold to experience the hang of it . 
1	the manual manner is feature rich and i can 't wait to stick the bent of it . 
1	the is feature rich and i 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the get and is feature rich mode i can 't wait to manual the hang of it . 
1	the manual mode is feature rich i ' wait to get the hang of it . 
1	the manual IT mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get waitress the hang of it . 
1	it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 'looks low profile , space saving design s nice . 
1	s 'it low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 'IT s low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's low profile , space saving design nice . 
1	it 's crushed profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's depressed profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	it 's project low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery represent supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is way the battery supplied lasts 14 ! 
0	there is no way the battery ply death 14 hours ! 
0	there is lasts way the battery supplied no 14 hours ! 
0	there is no lasts the battery supplied way 14 hours ! 
0	is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 ! 
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 thither hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery provide lasts fourteen hours ! 
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we verboten are constantly using today airfreshner.
0	But now are she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we airfreshner constantly using that.
0	But now that she is deplete solids the odor is escaping out and we are perpetually apply airfreshner.
0	But now that she is eating solid solids follow the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
0	but now that she is eating solids the odor is run out and we are constantly apply airfreshner.
0	But that now she is eating solids the we is escaping out and odor are constantly using airfreshner.
0	But now she is eating solids the odor is out and we are using airfreshner.
0	But now that she is eating the odor escaping out and we are using airfreshner.
1	this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used . 
1	is by far finest camera in its price and category i have used . 
1	this is by far the finest camera in its Price and family i have ever employ . 
1	this is by far the finest camera in its price live and category consume i have ever used . 
1	is by far the finest camera in price and category i have used . 
1	this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i constitute have establish ever used . 
1	this is by far the hunky-dory camera in its price and family i have ever utilise . 
1	this is by finest the far camera used its price and category i have ever in . 
1	this ever by far the finest camera in its have and category i price is used . 
0	it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
0	it was ( i sold it after got few months ) too expensive for the shots that i a . 
0	it was ( i deal it after a few months ) too expensive for the stab that i develop . 
0	it also was ( i month sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
0	it was ( month i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that subsequently i got . 
0	it was ( i trade it after a few months ) too expensive for the injection that i nonplus . 
0	( i sold it a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
0	it was ( i sold after few months ) too expensive for the shots that got . 
0	it got ( i sold it was a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i after . 
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its really not an issue.
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I one do, its really not an merely issue.
1	But if you use all cut bluetooth accessories, suffice as I do, its really not an issue.
1	But if you use all bluetooth add-on, as I do, its actually not an consequence.
1	But if you use all bluetooth, as I do, really not issue.
1	But an really use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its you not if issue.
1	But if you apply all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its truly not an emergence.
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I an, do really not its issue.
1	But if you bluetooth accessories, as I do, really not an issue.
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	to my ears , 160 kbps sounds just as good as source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd . 
1	to my as , just 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good ears the portable cd , and the zen xtra sounds a as good as a source cd player . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as amp good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as vocalise a portable lodge cd player . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file go just as beneficial as the beginning cadmium , and the zen xtra sounds just as near as a portable cd player . 
1	to my auricle , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as undecomposed as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as thoroughly as a portable 400 histrion . 
1	to as ears , a 160 kbps wma xtra sounds just as good my the source cd , and the zen file sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds as good as the source cd , and the zen sounds just as good portable player . 
1	to my ears , a dose 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds phone just as good as a portable cd capitulum player . 
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only complaint and the reason ace impart it 4 sensation instead of five is that the on-camera controls aren't as nonrational as they should be.
0	they only complaint and the reason the gave is 4 stars instead of 5 it that I on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as My should be.
0	My constitute only complaint and the reason I gave V it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't personify as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only and the reason I gave 4 instead of is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they be.
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead but of 5 IT is that the on-camera controls reasonableness aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only aren't and stars reason I gave it 4 the instead of 5 is that they on-camera controls complaint as intuitive as the should be.
0	My only ill and the reason single render it 4 wiz instead of 5 is that the on-camera ascendance aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	My only the reason I gave it 4 instead 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive they should be.
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard is particularly. 
0	The Wizard is particularly cost sinister. 
0	The Wizard is particularly black. 
0	The Wizard sinister particularly is. 
0	The Wizard mavin is particularly sinister. 
0	Wizard The is particularly sinister. 
0	The ace is particularly sinister. 
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech backing support is worthless too.     
0	The tech support is ugly too.     
0	The despicable tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech worthless is support too.     
0	support tech The is worthless too.     
0	tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech support is unworthy too.     
0	The tech support is worthless.     
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 inbuilt Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label amaze that I do loudspeaker n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is complete some execute inherent gain benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 last , I experience that the Speaker were over priced for what single contract -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that ace do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , ane feeling that the speaker were over priced for what iodine begin -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't hump of -RRB- .
1	 , I that speakers were over for what got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers benefit label priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent were RRB- the over Bose that I do n't know of -in .
1	 Lastly , I feel that the were over priced for what I got - unless there is inherent benefit in Bose label I do know of -RRB- .
1	 Lastly , I speakers that the feel over were priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I of n't know do -RRB- .
1	Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	got Combine with the excellent price we this in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Combine the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm happy.
1	gravel Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold glad Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Combine loge this with the excellent price we got in box the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	with the excellent price got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Combine this with the excellent price we get in the gilded Box, and I'm really felicitous.
1	commingle this with the excellent price we baffle in the aureate Box, and I'm really happy.
1	Combine this got the excellent price we with Gold the in Box, and I'm really happy.
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	would benefit from some improvement it help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would from some improvement it would if RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	The instructions would benefit from some betterment and it would supporter if the RPMs of the rush settings were refer.
0	instructions The would benefit from some improvement and speed would help if the RPMs of the it settings were mentioned.
0	background The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed rev settings were mentioned.
0	The didactics would benefit from some advance and it would help if the RPMs of the race settings were refer.
0	The instructions would benefit from mentioned improvement and it some help the the RPMs of if speed settings were would.
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and mention it would betterment help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem this with box if that it reboots several times an hour , is not more frequently .
0	 The several with this box is that it reboots problem times an hour , if not frequently more .
0	 The problem with this loge is that it boot several times an minute , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem AN with this box is that it reboots several times an hour , AN if not more frequently .
0	 problem with this box is that reboots times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 with this box is that reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with this box is hr that non it reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
0	 The problem with this boxful is that it reboots various multiplication an hour , if not more frequently .
1	VERY smal.
1	VERY really smal.
1	identical smal.
1	smal VERY.
1	smal.
1	real smal.
1	VERY selfsame smal.
1	VERY.
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " nobelium no disc " . 
0	it would just gyrate up and end , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just whirl up and stop , and display " no platter " . 
0	it would just spin up stop , and " no disc " . 
0	it would just no up and stop , and display " spin disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " disc no " . 
0	it would spin up and stop , display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up saucer and stop , and display " no disc " . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , photos awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos plenty of light and the n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when iodin i took outdoor photos with plenty of light pic and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i assume outdoor photos with plenty of ignitor and the objects were n't moving , the exposure were awesome . 
1	batch when i photograph took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plentitude of low-cal and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awing . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty light the and of objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	took i when outdoor photos were plenty of light and the objects with n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
1	I gem received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love ane it.
1	I received this short jewel as a gift and ace can honestly say Iabsolutely fuck it.
1	say received this little jewel Iabsolutely a gift and I can honestly I as love it.
1	I received this little jewel as IT a gift and I can honestly say unity Iabsolutely love it.
1	received this little as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love.
1	I received this little Iabsolutely as a gift and can I honestly say jewel love it.
1	I this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say it.
1	i received this slight bejewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're okay with removing system as each time you want to use the all the , then by speaker means purchase these speakers skin they are great !
1	 to you 're okay with removing the skin are time you want if use the then system , speaker by all means purchase these speakers as they each great !
1	 if you 're okay with skin each time you to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase speakers as they great !
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want the speaker system , by means purchase speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're okay with transfer the skin each time you want to exercise the speaker system , then by all imply purchase these Speaker as they are peachy !
1	 if you 're think okay with removing the skin each time you want to obscure use the speaker system , then hide by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	 if you 're okay with removing the hide each time you want to habituate the loudspeaker system , then by all way purchase these speakers as they are smashing !
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each apiece time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers sentence as they shin are great !
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	I the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was.
1	s100 purchased the Elph I mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	I purchased the Elph iodin s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	I purchased the Elph mainly I thought it was cool.
1	I I the Elph s100 mainly because purchased thought it was cool.
1	single purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I view it was cool.
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because 1 guess it was cool.
1	I purchased intend the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is and and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and use just Apple-approved plan) to great, bright I files is make not of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is record bright and ane clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to constitute make use of the storage space and register sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright and clear, ability store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and plan to make use of space recording from time to time.    
1	The heavy is bright and gain, the ability to stock any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to pretend apply of the entrepot space and sound show from time to time.    
1	The MP3's just bright and clear, the ability to store any sound (and and is Apple-approved files) is great, not I to plan make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright and clear, non the ability to store any MP3's (and not just utilization Apple-approved files) is great, and brilliantly I plan to make use of the storage register space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright and, the ability to store any (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, I plan to make use the storage space and recording from to.    
1	The well-grounded is bright and clear, the ability to fund any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I programme to wee-wee function of the storage space and sound enter from sentence to time.    
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very simple painless and.
1	Very bare simple and painless.
1	Very and simple painless.
1	Very simple selfsame and painless.
1	Very bare and painless.
1	Very simple painless.
1	Very simple and.
1	Very simpleton and painless.
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible viewfinder optical in . 
0	* lens optic visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in viewfinder . 
0	* in visible lens optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in opthalmic viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in optic viewfinder . 
0	* seeable lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is promiscuous as pie . 
1	then so sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then the files is easy as pie . 
1	as sorting the files is easy then pie . 
1	then sorting the PIE files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files easy as pie . 
1	then the sorting files is easy as pie . 
1	then classification the files is easy as pie . 
0	 The interface took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface took a little bewilder used to.
0	 The took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface took getting little a used to.
0	 The used took a little getting interface to.
0	 The interface took a short little getting used to.
0	 The beat interface took a little getting used to.
0	 The interface took a little getting exploited to.
0	 interface took a little getting used to.
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice also is look a plus.
1	Its nice look is plus a also.
1	Its nice look also a plus.
1	Its nice look is also positive a plus.
1	Its nice is also a plus.
1	Its nice look is also a skillful plus.
1	Its nice await is also a plus.
1	Its courteous look is also a plus.
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible ascribable to the variable speed settings for any sized routine.
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for varying any sized bit.
1	This was for due to the variable speed settings possible any sized bit.
1	This was possible due to the variable zip settings for any sized chip.
1	possible was This due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized.
1	This was possible due to the whatever variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for sized.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The heavier Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% new than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 the 33% larger and 26% heavier than is S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% expectant and 26% threatening than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger 26% heavier than the.
1	The new Canon s300 is cost 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 33% larger and 26% heavier the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% prominent and 26% operose than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and xxxiii 26% heavier than the S100.
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft it multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run multi-tasking , the gaming experience is for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and at tasking multi the same time , gaming while it does run slower while compromised , the and experience is not multi-tasking for me .
0	 I 've been piece playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the single same compromise time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
0	 one 've been performing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does flow obtuse while multi-tasking , the gage have is not compromised for me .
0	 ace 've been encounter Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same metre , and while it does hunt obtuse while multi-tasking , the gaming see is not compromised for me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , trial the gaming experience is not ace compromised for punt me .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft run it and multi the at the gaming time , and while it does on slower while multi-tasking , tasking same experience is not compromised for me .
0	 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi at the same time , while does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience not compromised me .
0	the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	the volume rather in be hard to press , but i think this may be by design key than a flaw , a to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are can perhaps call . 
0	the volume tonality can be severe to bid , but i intend this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from urge it accidentally when you are in a shout . 
0	the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design unintentionally rather than a flaw , quite perhaps to keep blemish you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
0	the volume key when be hard to may , but i think this press by be design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally can you are in a call . 
0	volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be design rather a flaw , perhaps to you from it accidentally when you are in call . 
0	volume key can be to press , but i this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you pressing it accidentally when are a call . 
0	the one volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps cay to keep you from pressing it accidentally when only you are in a call . 
0	the volume Key can be surd to weight-lift , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , mayhap to keep you from weightlift it accidentally when you are in a birdsong . 
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a gift scan will not read any dvd angstrom disc . 
0	the unmatched i purchased for a frend as a gift will not scan any videodisc disc . 
0	i one the for purchased a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	one i purchased for a frend as gift will read any dvd disc . 
0	unity the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will A not read any dvd disc . 
0	the one i purchased a for frend as a gift will not any read dvd disc . 
0	the matchless i purchased for a frend as a give will not learn any dvd disc . 
0	the one purchased for a frend as gift will not any dvd disc . 
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you even can not navigate non by genre / non artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you since can not navigate by genre / artist / album even under genre no get just all tracks in that genre , you other division . 
0	you even can not pilot by genre / artist / album since under genre you go just all track in that genre , no other partition . 
0	you even not navigate by / artist / album since genre you get just all tracks in that genre , other division . 
0	you even can not navigate away by genre / artist / album since under past genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	you flush can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you acquire just all traverse in that genre , no other partition . 
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you other just genre tracks in that all , no get division . 
0	you even not navigate by genre / artist / album under genre you get just all tracks in that , no division . 
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
1	i bought this little Guy a few week game, and I have to saythat iodin never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
1	I bought this I guy a few weeks back, and with have to saythat fun never had so much I little a new toy as this.
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks picayune back, and I have to saythat I never adenine had so much fun with iodin a new toy as this.
1	I bought this short guy a few weeks rear, and I have to saythat ace never had so much fun with a unexampled diddle as this.
1	have bought this little guy a few weeks never, with I I to saythat I back had so much fun and a new toy as this.
1	bought this little guy few weeks back, I have to saythat never had so fun with a new toy as this.
1	bought this guy a few weeks back, and I to saythat never had so much fun with a new as this.
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to hebdomad saythat I never had so much fun deliver with a often new toy as this.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a it of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning program combination does with every that.
0	ane believe it is a combination of the program size need up resources and the open/close rake that it does with every program.
0	I think it IT is a combination of the program size taking up i resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is be a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with cost every program.
0	I think it is a combination up the program size taking of open and the resources/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is combination of the program taking up the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think a combination of the program size taking up and the open/close scanning that it does with every.
0	I guess it is a combination of the plan size choose up resources and the open/end scanning that it does with every program.
1	it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it roleplay everything , even vcd 's . 
1	still it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
1	s plays everything , even vcd 'it . 
1	it plays , even vcd 's . 
1	it plays everything , even vcd ' . 
1	it vcd everything , even plays 's . 
1	it drama everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it plays everything , south even vcd 's . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it LE would only played less than 50 % fifty of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only of less than in % played the dvds i put 50 it . 
0	after hooking thieve the thing up , i found that it would only played less than affair 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after solicit the affair up , i base that it would only roleplay less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would 50 played it than only % of the dvds i put in less . 
0	after hooking the up , i found that it only played less than 50 % of the dvds in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i get that it would only work LE than 50 % of the dvds i assign in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played % the dvds i put in it . 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a batch of archetype accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original the iPod. 
0	adenine Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a like of original accessories lot the iPod. 
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the corresponding iPod. 
0	Limitations: - the a lot of original accessories like Not iPod. 
0	restriction: - Not a spate of original accessories like the iPod. 
0	: - Not a of original accessories like the iPod. 
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please with musician the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, unity am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 thespian.    
1	Otherwise, I am passing please with the Creative pane Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I extremely with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB superman MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am extremely Micro with the Creative Zen please 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, am extremely please the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please the with Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	writers the tech And have aunt the installation process SO EASY for people lik my made to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have the process SO EASY people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	And follow tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people to my aunt lik the. 
1	And the tech writers have reach the facility summons SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	the tech writers have made installation process SO EASY for people my aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have made aunty the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to masses follow. 
1	And the tech writers have made the installation easy process SO EASY for people lik my let aunt to follow. 
1	And the tech writers have produce the installation outgrowth SO well-situated for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	The ringtones are, the screen is super high.
1	The ringtones quality beautiful, the screen is super high are.
1	The beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	personify The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the covert is crack high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super mellow caliber.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super heights high quality.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen quality super high is.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal font; easy to use; visually distinctive; secure picture quality; firm USB association; mostly intuitive procedure; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to return wide panoramas.
1	see The good:  Small size; assuredness durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB dependable connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; to use; visually distinctive; good quality; connection; mostly intuitive operation; really PhotoStitch software that pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	software good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; operation picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive good; panoramas cool PhotoStitch The that knits pictures together to give wide really.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast connection; mostly intuitive; really PhotoStitch software that pictures to give panoramas.
1	The pictures:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really software that cool PhotoStitch knits good together to give wide panoramas.
1	The exercise good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; alloy mostly intuitive operation; really generally cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	The good:  diminished size; durable-seeming metal caseful; sluttish to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pic together to give panoptic scene.
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like .
1	 It easy to all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even an old guy like .
1	 It was leisurely to install all of the components and directions were easy to translate , even for an erstwhile rib like me .
1	 IT was soft to install all of the components and guidance were promiscuous to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It whole was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , infer even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions personify were eve easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install old of the for and directions were easy to understand , even components an all guy like me .
1	 It was even were install all of the components and directions to easy to understand , easy for an old guy like me .
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the footing to qualify for the rabbet.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to characterize for the discount.
0	T-Mobile the upfront about some of the terms to qualify for wasn't rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't specify upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rabbet rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about of the terms to qualify for rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't about some of the terms to qualify the rebate.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of qualify terms to the for the rebate.
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought my Zen Micro months ago because I preferred size and style to the iPod. 
1	I bought my Zen three months ago mainly because I size and style to iPod mini. 
1	I mainly to Zen Micro three months ago bought because I preferred the size and style my the iPod mini. 
1	I the my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred style size and the to bought iPod mini. 
1	I bought my miniskirt Zen Micro three months ago mainly trend because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago unity mainly because I i preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
1	i purchase my Zen Micro triplet months ago mainly because I preferred the size and fashion to the iPod mini. 
1	I bought my Elvis micro three months ago mainly because single pet the size and style to the iPod mini. 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll follow bar is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough enounce 
0	c ) the scroll is a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a parody -- enough said 
0	said ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough c 
0	travesty ) the scroll bar is a c -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar is exclude a travesty -- enough said 
0	c ) the scroll bar a travesty -- enough said 
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need having do a little full before to work enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement this.  
0	NAGATIVES of amp the Player itself:  You need to act do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES the Player itself:  need do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  actor You need to do a little ahead work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the itself Player:  You need to do a of work before having full enjoyement little this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the player itself:  You need to do a little run before having broad enjoyement of this player.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a petty mold before having full enjoyement of this musician.  
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a big part of the reason I went to a faster router in the first place .
0	 worked reasonably well for a while , it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , was a part the reason I went a router the first place .
0	 It mold reasonably well for a while , although it often was barely able to keep up when I time-tested to stream movies , which was a adult part of the reason unity plump to a faster router in the showtime position .
0	 It worked reasonably a for a while , although up frequently was barely able first keep it when I tried to stream movies , which was well big part of the went I reason to a faster router in the to place .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when tried I to stream movies , which was a router part of the faster I went place a reason big in the first to .
0	 worked reasonably well a while , although it was barely able to keep up tried to stream movies , was a big of the reason I went to a faster in the first place .
0	 It lick reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to dungeon up when i assay to stream movies , which was a braggy split of the reason I get to a profligate router in the first place .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up current when I tried to stream post movies , which was a big part of the place reason I went to a faster kickoff router in the first place .
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although sample it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a cost big part of the reason I went pic to a faster router in i the first place .
1	 Sound quality and base is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and base is astonish .
1	 and quality Sound base is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and base amazing is .
1	 Sound quality calibre and base is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and radical is amazing .
1	 Sound quality and is amazing .
1	 Sound and base is amazing .
1	 Sound quality select and base is amazing .
1	the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	the manual is well-fixed to understand , and it is mostly idiot substantiation . 
1	the manual is gentle to understand , and it is mostly retard proof . 
1	the manual is it to understand , and easy is mostly idiot proof . 
1	the manual easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot . 
1	is manual is easy to understand , and it the mostly idiot proof . 
1	manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly proof . 
1	the moron manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	the manual is easy to understand , and easily it is mostly idiot proof . 
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
1	6MB 32MB a Aside++ built-in phone memory, there's a from MMC card that goes with it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone store, there's a 32MB MMC plug-in that whirl with it!
1	Aside from a++ phone, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, headphone there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with poster it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ menu built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes adenine with it!
1	6MB from a a++ built-in phone memory, there's Aside 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
1	Aside from a++ built-in phone memory, a 32MB card that goes with it!
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in telephone memory, there's a 32MB MMC board that break with it!
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the TV quality is amazing. 
1	And the video quality amazing. 
1	the video quality is amazing. 
1	perplex And the video quality is amazing. 
1	is the video quality And amazing. 
1	And the is quality video amazing. 
1	And the nonplus video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video quality is stupefy. 
1	if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
1	if you have to buy a camera a buget, this has to be one . 
1	if you have to steal a camera on a buget, this has have to be the unrivaled . 
1	if you have to buy a camera on buget a, this has got the be to one . 
1	if you have to buy got to on a buget, this has a camera be the one . 
1	father if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be equal the one . 
1	if you have to bargain a camera on a buget, this has father to be the unrivaled . 
1	if throw you have stimulate to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
1	if you have to buy a camera on a, has got be the one . 
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, sometimes various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various applications ram.
0	Sometimes, various applications clangour.
0	Sometimes, various crash.
0	applications, various Sometimes crash.
0	diligence Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	, various applications crash.
0	crash, various applications Sometimes.
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not only is it affordable , but its a better for windows , which is what i . 
1	not only is simply it more IT affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not only is it more affordable , its a player for windows , which what i have . 
1	not only is it more low-priced , but its a bettor musician for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not i is it more windows , but its a better player for affordable , which is what only have . 
1	not only only is it more affordable , but live its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not affordable better it more only , but its a is player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	not only is it more low-cost , but its a serious instrumentalist for windows , which is what i have . 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND verbalize replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's replaceable AND removable! 
1	verbalise of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	it's of battery, Speaking removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND! 
1	Speaking of barrage, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable utter AND replaceable! 
1	the sound is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound is quite honest, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound quite is good, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound is quite, in terms of volume.  
1	the footing sound is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the heavy is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound is quite good, terms of volume.  
1	the sound live is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	the sound is terms good, in quite of volume.  
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is fast . 
1	usb 2.0 remove is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.deuce 0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 is insanely fast . 
1	usb nought 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely debauched . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer fast insanely is . 
1	usb fast.0 transfer is insanely 2 . 
1	 This is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This a , but since these speakers more than capable of loud levels , I 'd willing to sacrifice efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is accurate and less ... redolent of a 's car system .
1	 able This is a preference , but since these speakers cholecalciferol are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed about woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent be of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a preference , but since these speakers merely are more precise than represent capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and simply less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 This is a preference , but since these Speaker are more than capable of tatty story , iodin 'd be unforced to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enwrap woofer that is much more accurate and less ... evocative of a teenager 's automobile system .
1	 This is a preference , but since to speakers are than more capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency these teenager an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and system ... redolent of a have 's car less .
1	 This is preference , but since these speakers are than capable loud levels , I 'd willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of teenager 's car .
1	 This is a preference , loud since these speakers are more than to of but levels , I 'd be to willing sacrifice some efficiency capable have an enclosed woofer that is a more accurate and less ... redolent of s teenager 'much car system .
1	 This is a penchant , but since these speaker are more than open of loud levels , unity 'd be unforced to forfeit some efficiency to have an introduce woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's automobile system .
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something plastic substance , not some cheap of toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheesy plastic play . 
1	you look like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap formative toy . 
1	you feel like deem you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of , not cheap plastic toy . 
1	tinny you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , plastic some cheap not toy . 
1	 The product I rate five stars, 
1	 The product I rate wizard five stars, 
1	 The product I principal rate five stars, 
1	 The product rate I five stars, 
1	 The product I rate stars, 
1	 The I rate five stars, 
1	 The product I rate five principal, 
1	 The stars I rate five product, 
1	 The product one rate five stars, 
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to read it's unitary of the proficient purchases I've ever throw.  
1	I've had it for about a week now have to it's one of the best ever made.  
1	I've had it unmatched for about a unmatchable week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about say week now one have to a it's and of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it workweek for about a adenine week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now the have to say it's one of and best made I've ever purchases.  
1	I've had it about a week now and have say it's one of best I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to articulate it's ace of the comfortably purchases I've ever crap.  
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	it takes past a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this using August), and I'm currently about five minutes just to to the system - in fact, I've taken boot just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought the end of past), and takes about just to boot the - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather shutting down completely.
0	currently a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought the end of this August), and it takes five minutes just to boot the system - in, I've to just hibernating, rather than shutting down.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about presently five minutes just inward to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than in shutting inwards down completely.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end interpreted of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just astatine to boot the system - in fact, At I've taken to just hibernating, rather than flush shutting down completely.
0	I'm currently victimization a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this retiring lordly), and it demand about five proceedings just to boot the organisation - in fact, I've learn to just hibernating, rather than shutting down totally.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the remnant of this past revered), and it postulate about five minutes just to reboot the system - in fact, I've make to just hibernate, sooner than shutting down totally.
0	I'm currently using a which Vaio it (Sony I than at the I've of this past August), and S-150 takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, end taken to just hibernating, rather bought shutting down completely.
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the heavy sound fills vocalise outs exceedingly well .
1	 The perform very , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs well .
1	 The verbaliser perform very well , and with the bass boost , the phone fills outs exceedingly fountainhead .
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with boost bass the , fills sound the outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very well , sound exceedingly the bass boost , the and fills outs with well .
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , verbaliser the sound easily fills outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speakers perform very well , and bass boost , the sound outs exceedingly well .
1	 The speaker perform very wellspring , and with the bass boost , the wakeless fills outs exceedingly well .
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, accommodate more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, throw more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds more and songs is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds more and is smaller.      
1	flash It's cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and embody is smaller.      
1	It's cheaper, holds is songs and more smaller.      
1	it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several play option options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a pick certain playlist . 
1	it has several best options , all of the play is an option to shuffle , based on one or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several play options , of the best is option to , based on all or a playlist . 
1	it has respective act options , I of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a sure playlist . 
1	it has several play options , of the best an option to shuffle , based on all or a . 
1	it has several unmatched play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , recreate based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several options play , on of the best is an option to shuffle , based one all or a certain playlist . 
1	it has several gambol pick , ane of the dear is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	boilersuit overall an excellent phone . 
1	excellent an overall phone . 
1	an overall excellent phone . 
1	overall an first-class phone . 
1	overall an phone . 
1	overall an excellent AN phone . 
1	overall excellent phone . 
1	overall an fantabulous phone . 
1	in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in of the shots taken , camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms of the shots inward taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms of the insanely taken , this camera is shots great ! 
1	in terms of the dig require , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms the shots , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms of the stroke necessitate , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	in terms of the shots insanely , this camera is taken great ! 
1	in terms of guessing the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	my friends were imprint with the quality of the painting i took ! 
1	friends were impressed with quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	my i were impressed with the quality of the pictures friends took ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of the image i subscribe ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of pictures took ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality took the pictures i of ! 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i lead took ! 
1	my iodine friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side get effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of only partially working? 
0	It has the odd incline upshot of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side impression of the push only partially working? 
0	has the odd effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons part only partially working? 
0	the has It odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons partially only working? 
1	I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I how can't believe still fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe how fast it beginning up. 
1	fast still can't believe how I it starts up. 
1	still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't believe IT how fast it starts up. 
1	I still can't iodin believe how fast it starts up. 
1	I nonetheless can't believe how fast it starts up. 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Song transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that occur in my box open me 24 hours of listen metre. 
1	Songs transfer fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give hours of time. 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the loge two batteries that came in my box give me channel 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in of 24 give me box my hours listen time. 
1	Songs transfer lightning give, and my two batteries that came in the box fast me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	call remove lightning dissolute, and the two batteries that came in my box feed me 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs transfer lightning, and the two batteries in my box give 24 hours of listen time. 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries clock that came in my box give me 24 hours Maine of listen time. 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more models than on earlier cumbersome . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier clumsy models . 
0	* button scroll more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* earliest scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on former models . 
0	* scroll button more than on earlier models . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier mould . 
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always deal for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows well-off editing of id3 tag . 
1	i do n't always guardianship for gracenotes ' genre listings but it let easy delete of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre just listings but it allows easy allow editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always but for gracenotes ' id3 listings care it allows easy editing of genre tags . 
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings it allows editing id3 tags . 
1	do n't always care ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
1	i do n't always just care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of IT id3 tags . 
1	i gracenotes n't always care id3 do ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of for tags . 
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex phone n't answer the does . 
0	does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex ring does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't resolve the phone . 
0	apex does answer the phone . 
0	n't does apex answer the phone . 
0	acme does n't answer the phone . 
0	vertex apex does n't answer the phone . 
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and actually I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 completely desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet background in minutes .
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and connect I got laptop all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected device to the internet in minutes .
1	 It was really easy to set up the box and I got all my -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected the internet in minutes .
1	 It was actually easy to adjust up out of the box and I fetch all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , single desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the cyberspace in mo .
1	 It was really easy to set desktop out of the box RRB- I got all my wireless minutes -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 connected and 2 smartphones -and up to the internet in devices .
1	 It was out easy to smartphones up really of the box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and the set -RRB- connected to 2 internet in minutes .
1	 It was really gentle to fixed up out of the boxwood and I bewilder all my radiocommunication devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- affiliated to the internet in minutes .
1	 was easy to set up out of the box and got all wireless devices -LRB- laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the in minutes .
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no ampere games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no - it has a cool screen - why use it . 
0	2 ) no biz - it has a aplomb screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - has a screen - why not use it . 
0	ii ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not function it . 
0	2 ) cool games - it has a no screen - why not use it . 
0	non 2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) games no - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning have you to restart you phone if the want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth waiter... Meaning you have to restart the headphone if you want bluetooth to make again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the if you want bluetooth to.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning have to restart the phone if want bluetooth work again.
0	Especially the sketch bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if resume you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth peculiarly to work resume again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... entail you have to restart the phone if you deprivation bluetooth to workplace again.
0	Especially the bluetooth again... Meaning you have to restart the to if you want bluetooth phone work server.
1	This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This my is more much camera, but I'm digital second impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	minute This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER merely was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my digital, but I'm much more with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I was my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my mo digital camera, but I'm lots more ingrain with the canon S100 Digital Elph than iodin EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This is my second digital camera, but exist I'm much more ingrain impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than represent I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	This my second digital camera, I'm more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital than I EVER was with my Kodak.
1	This Elph DC240 second digital EVER, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital is than I camera was with my Kodak my.
1	This is my secondly digital camera, but I'm often more imprint with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than ace e'er was with my Kodak DC240.
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have angles luck , but I such never seen a flat-panel with have horrible viewing better .
0	 Others may have better luck , but flat-panel have never angles a I with such horrible viewing seen .
0	 Others may have better luck , but I seen a flat-panel such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never check seen a fortune flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never right seen a flat-panel with only such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have comfortably hazard , but I have never figure a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may better luck , but have never seen a flat-panel such horrible viewing angles .
0	 Others may have right luck , but I have never visualise a flat-panel with such horrible viewing slant .
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & is tunes transferring basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on i a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.usb 1 ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is degraded basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	pull & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.ace usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes basic , and fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on.1 usb ) . 
1	ripping & transmit tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a one.1 usb ) . 
1	Also If you want a device that does soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, this is the player for you. 
1	Also you want a that does soo much more than the Ipod mini is the same price, this is player for you. 
1	Also you want a device that does much more the Ipod mini but is at the price, this is the player for. 
1	Also If you price a device that does soo much than more the Ipod want but is at the same mini, this is the player for you. 
1	Also If you iPod want a device that does soo much also more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, this is the serve player for you. 
1	Also If you want a Ipod that does soo much more than but device mini the is at the same price, this for the player is you. 
1	Also If you privation a twist that does soo much more than the iPod mini but is at the same Price, this is the actor for you. 
1	Also simply If you want a device that does soo much more than the Ipod mini but is personify at the same price, this is Saami the player for you. 
1	Also If you deprivation a gimmick that does soo practically more than the Ipod mini but is at the same terms, this is the thespian for you. 
1	but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	but you want a great deal and a mp3 , get the nomad . 
1	but if keen you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the corking nomad . 
1	but if you want a nifty slew and a great mp3 player , stimulate the nomad . 
1	but if you the a great deal and a great mp3 player , want get nomad . 
1	but if you want a great deal and find a great axerophthol mp3 player , get the nomad . 
1	but if you want a great deal mp3 a great and player , get nomad the . 
1	but if you want great deal a great player , get the nomad . 
1	but if you want a great care and a large mp3 player , suffer the nomad . 
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the software crap is . 
0	software - the software is package crap . 
0	software - the software is defecate . 
0	software - the package software is crap . 
0	package - the software is crap . 
0	- the software is crap . 
0	software - the software is . 
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	The is zoom digital crap.
0	The zoom is crap.
0	The digital is crap.
0	The digital zoom is bullshit.
0	The digital zoom constitute is crap.
0	The digital zoom crap is.
0	The digital zoom is exist crap.
0	The digital surge is crap.
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	feature dvd player plays raw videos and mpeg1 mpeg2 , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love aiff the , progressive scan this . 
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / instrumentalist dvdrw , and of spiel course plays dvd movies from uk. i feed love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd bet player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 thespian videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies dearest from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 mpeg1 , jpeg , wma , cdr / / dvdr / dvdrw , of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , feature . 
1	plays mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd from. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 cdrw , jpeg , dvd , cdr / videos / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course progressive wma movies from uk. i love the aiff , plays scan feature . 
1	this dvd player swordplay natural mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course run videodisc movies from uk. i passion the aiff , progressive scan lineament . 
1	this dvd player bid bare-assed mpeg2 and mpeg1 telecasting , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of run shimmer dvd movies from uk. i know the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal if to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- pain install can you them at all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once right finally installed -- if you can A install them at all.
0	They are a imperial ail to install, and don't role properly once ultimately installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a pain to install, and don't function properly installed -- if can install them at all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and function properly once finally -- if can install them all.
0	They are at royal pain to install, and don't once properly function finally installed -- if you can install them a all.
0	They are a royal decent pain to install, and don't stool function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't subroutine right once lastly instal -- if you can install them at all.
1	 It has good color and price was great .
1	 It has good color and price live was great .
1	 It has good color and price was keen .
1	 It has was color and price good great .
1	 It good color and price was great .
1	 It has good color and great was price .
1	 It has good color and was great .
1	 It has good color undecomposed and price was great .
1	 It has upright color and price was great .
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and haven't easy to do though I supposedly had to replace it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to answer do substitute it yet of course. 
1	purportedly It's rechargable and supposedly easy wanton to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly soft to replace though unity haven't had to do it yet of row. 
1	It's rechargable supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had do it yet of. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly promiscuous to supercede though ace haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable supposedly easy though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	yet rechargable and supposedly though to replace easy I haven't had to do it It's of course. 
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake set up .
1	 Piece curing of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to limit up .
1	 cake of Piece to set up .
1	 patch of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake up set to .
1	 laid Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to up .
1	great quality picture and features . 
1	scene great quality picture and features . 
1	great quality picture features . 
1	great quality fancy and features . 
1	great quality picture and . 
1	great film quality picture and features . 
1	great and picture quality features . 
1	quality great picture and features . 
1	slap-up quality picture and features . 
1	this thing plays everything i feed it . 
1	shimmer this thing plays everything i feed it . 
1	this feed plays everything i thing it . 
1	this thing everything i feed it . 
1	this thing plays everything feed it . 
1	this thing caper everything i feed it . 
1	feed thing plays everything i this it . 
1	this thing plays matter everything i feed it . 
1	this thing plays everything i give it . 
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the cyberspace at all.  
0	That is, you cannot the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot accession the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot internet the access at all.  
0	access is, you cannot That the internet at all.  
0	That is, cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access cost the internet at all.  
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while cost large by phone standards, is still tiny OR to really do anything on.
0	As a computer, or PDA its since the screen, large by phone standards, is still tiny to anything on.
0	a a computer, or PDA its weakly since the screen, while large by phone banner, is nevertheless tiny to really do anything on.
0	angstrom a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone banner, is nonetheless petite to really do anything on.
0	As a large, or PDA its weak since the screen, while computer by phone standards, is still tiny on really do anything to.
0	As a computer, or PDA however its weak arsenic since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
0	a computer, or PDA its since the screen, while large phone standards, is tiny to really do anything on.
0	As a computer, standards anything its weak since the screen, while large by phone or, is still tiny to really do PDA on.
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and garish battery - a li battery ordinarily works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for commonly 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually ordinarily works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap a - battery li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap bombardment - a li battery usually play properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and battery - a li battery usually properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li works usually battery properly for 1-3 years . 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li usually works properly for years . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from organization the smaller canon cameras : the melt battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use typecast the camera while plugged in camera without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different type battery charging system from the smaller cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the , but the system also to use the camera while plugged in without down battery . 
1	the g3 has a different typecast of battery file system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery postulate to be agitate while in the camera , but the rouse system also enable you to manipulation the camera while plugged in without working down the battery . 
1	the g3 has charged different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : enables battery needs to be a while in the camera , but plugged the system also the you to use charging camera while the in without running down the battery . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery bill arrangement from the small-scale canon cameras : the bombardment needs to be accuse while in the camera , but the blame system also enables you to employment the camera while plugged in without work down the battery . 
1	the be has a different type of battery charging system from down smaller canon cameras : the battery charged to g3 needs while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while in plugged without running the the battery . 
1	the has a different type battery charging from smaller canon cameras : the battery to be charged while in the camera , the charging system also enables to use the camera while plugged in without running down battery . 
1	just the g3 has a different type of appoint battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in comprise the camera , but shelling the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	I would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would extremely however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	would I however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	iodine would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would highly recommend the m12v router !
1	ane would however highly recommend the m12v router !
1	I would however highly the m12v router !
1	I would however highly recommend the nonetheless m12v router !
1	you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	near you of course have some good customization pick options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some as customization options with the presets good well ( sound unit , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	as of course have some good customization options with the navigating you well ( sound presets , unit options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some full customization options with the unit as comfortably ( sound presets , navigating pick , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some undecomposed customization alternative with the unit as advantageously ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	of have some good customization options with the unit well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you playlist of course have some good customization options with the unit whole as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	you of course have some good options with the unit as ( presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this cracking is awesome plus the speaker makes seduce it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker gain it even cracking ! ! ! ! i passion this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the utterer prepare it even cracking ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology the , wise think this is awesome plus i speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think this is plus awesome the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! phone love this i ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i think is awesome plus the speaker it even great ! ! ! ! love this phone ! ! ! 
1	technology wise , i suppose think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this flush phone ! ! ! 
1	wise , i think this is awesome the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love phone ! ! ! 
1	 I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried setting arrange the router background up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried plant the router up with the laptop and it machine-accessible easily and swipe me up to the internet in under 15 proceedings .
1	 one examine scene the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and surcharge me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me to the internet 15 minutes .
1	 I tried the router with the laptop and it easily and me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected upwards easily and hooked me up to taste the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried laptop the router up with the setting and it to easily and hooked me up connected the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	 I tried minutes the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to 15 internet in under the setting .
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They a bit top , as any tower will be .
0	 amp They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will minute be .
0	 They are a bit top grueling , as any tug will be .
0	 tower are a bit top heavy , as any They will be .
0	 They are a morsel top large , as any tower will be .
0	 They are a top heavy , as any tower be .
0	 a are They bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
1	 The sound is clear and clean but if your not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The voice is light and fresh but if your not on whirligig of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 clean is sound clear and The but if your not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 see The sound is clear and clean but if your not on top of it along you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The sound is clear non and clean but if your not good on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The sound is clear and but if your not on top of ca hear a thing .
1	 The vocalize is decipherable and sportsmanlike but if your not on pinnacle of it you ca n't hear a thing .
1	 The sound is clear and clean but your not of it you ca hear a thing .
1	 The sound not clear and clean but if top is on your of it you ca n't hear a thing .
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its easy steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches majuscule easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing not a fingerprints and scratches easily, picks great from up cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its scratches backing picks up fingerprints and steel easily, not from great a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing picks fingerprints and scratches, not great from a standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and inscribe scratches easily, scratch not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its steel backing pickax up fingermark and scratches easily, not enceinte from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 IT steel backing cream up fingerprints and gelt easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
0	 Its backing picks up fingerprints and scratches, not great a cosmetic standpoint.  
1	it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	it looks great - and is with features . 
1	it looks great - and is loaded stretch with features . 
1	it looks with - and is loaded great features . 
1	it looks great - and loaded is with features . 
1	it looks great - and is lade with features . 
1	it looks great - is loaded with features . 
1	it looks swell - and is loaded with features . 
1	lineament it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	 The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 talker The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 The good themselves sound really speakers .
1	 The speakers themselves sound really undecomposed .
1	 The speakers themselves voice really good .
1	 profound The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	 The speakers sound really good .
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box . 
1	there is much which said in other reviews about features of phone , it is great phone , mine worked without any right out of the box . 
1	there phone this which has been said in other reviews problems the features of much is , it is a great phone , mine worked without any about right out of the box . 
1	there is much which has been aver in other retrospect about the boast of this phone , it is a slap-up ring , mine influence without any problems right out of the box . 
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews about the be features of this phone , it is a great phone , boast mine whatever worked without any problems right out of the box . 
1	is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , is a great , worked without any right of the box . 
1	there is much which has been aforementioned in other revue about the features of this phone , it is a heavy phone , mine work without any problems properly out of the boxful . 
1	there is much which has been said in other mould reviews about the call features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right In out of the box . 
1	there is much which has been any in other reviews great the features of this phone , it is a about phone , mine the without said problems right out of worked box . 
1	 This machine will change your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 should machine will change your whole idea of what a laptop This be .
1	 This machine will change your whole estimation idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will alteration your whole estimation of what a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will change your whole idea a laptop should be .
1	 This machine will alter your unit idea of what a laptop should be .
1	 a machine will change your whole idea of what This laptop should be .
1	 This machine will change your idea of what a laptop should .
1	 This machine will change amp your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against Sony MD-E828LP's Sennheiser MX-400's, I find still using the Creative's, which in opinion, sound every good and have a slightly longer.  
1	After comparing the included Creative the directly good my as MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find my still using earbuds Creative's, which in myself opinion, sound every bit Sony against and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing the included directly earbuds Creative against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, which find myself as using the Creative's, I in opinion my, sound every bit still good and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and axerophthol Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still equate using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good safe and have a slightly subsequently longer cord.  
1	After comparing the included earbuds directly my and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound as good and have a slightly longer.  
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I breakthrough myself silent utilise the Creative's, which in my notion, levelheaded every bit as good and have a slightly farseeing corduroy.  
1	After equate the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I retrieve myself calm exploitation the Creative's, which in my impression, go every bit as good and have a slightly retentive cord.  
1	After comparing the included admit Creative earbuds directly against foresightful my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, piece I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound originative every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	 the lack support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the miss of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dismiss the ivory for this router , i was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to fell the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones really for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	 Due the lack support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , having just dropped the bones for this router , was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of support for the \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped WHS this for bones router , I was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ due Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to the lack of stomach for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just devolve the drum for this router , ane was very unimpressed .
0	 Due to having lack bones support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and the just dropped the of for this router , I was very unimpressed .
1	 The sound this slim design puts out !!
1	 The sound this slim design arrange out !!
1	 The slim this sound design puts out !!
1	 The sound this design slim puts out !!
1	 The sound this slim design puts innovation out !!
1	 The phone this slim design puts out !!
1	 The sound this design puts out !!
1	 The sound this slim design out !!
1	 The sound this slim svelte design puts out !!
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having beaming lunch at ramble the park , you 'll be glad you scarce had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking expect a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having follow lunch at the park , you 'll be gladiolus glad you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're study a brisk trot , waiting for a jalopy or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be gladiola you had the Fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a at jog , the for radio bus or just having lunch brisk the park , you 'll be glad you had waiting fm a . 
1	whether you 're read a tonic nudge , waiting for a motorcoach or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be happy you had the fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a you jog , waiting glad a bus or just having lunch at the park , the 'll be for brisk had you fm radio . 
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , a bus or just having at the park , you ' be glad you the fm radio . 
1	you 're a brisk jog , waiting a bus or just having lunch the park , 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	I'll be getting a second one for my router table!
1	I'll be father a second I for my router table!
1	I'll be getting a second one adenine for my router table!
1	I'll be router a second one for my getting table!
1	I'll be getting a one for my router!
1	I'll be getting a my one for second router table!
1	I'll be fetch a endorse one for my router table!
1	I'll be getting cost a second one for my router table!
1	I'll be a second one for router table!
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate stupid the vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid laugh vertical touchpad. 
0	The are a joke, and I personally hate stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, I personally hate the vertical touchpad. 
0	The vertical are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid colors touchpad. 
0	The colors are a laugh, and I personally hate the stunned vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, prank and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and iodine personally hate the dazed vertical touchpad. 
1	Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
1	shield Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
1	large, squeak-free, Solid screen.
1	Solid, squeak-free, large screenland.
1	Solid, squeak-free, large shield.
1	, squeak-free, large screen.
1	Solid, squeak-free, large solid screen.
1	Solid,, large screen.
1	Solid, screen, large squeak-free.
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch holy easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does chafe easily!
0	really cow! It Holy does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does lucre easily!
0	cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does coiffure scratch easily!
0	Holy easily! It really does scratch cow!
0	Holy cow! It really does easily!
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy usance to use .
1	 The speakers bet nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers nice look and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers expect nice and are easy to use .
1	 The easy look nice and are speakers to use .
1	 The look nice and are easy to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy slow to use .
1	 The speakers look nice and are to use .
1	I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say bribe that it has been worth the buy money. 
1	I bought this please camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased identical to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	I camera days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been the money. 
1	I and this camera two days ago, bought I'm very pleased to it that say has been worth the money. 
1	I bought has two camera days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it this been worth the money. 
1	i bought this camera ii daylight ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been deserving the money. 
1	one purchase this camera two Day ago, and I'm very pleased to pronounce that it has been worth the money. 
1	I bought two days ago, and I'm very pleased to that it been worth the money. 
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also bunk in-wall rated insulated 14 caliber speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this boneheaded wire perfectly , even through the groove in the behind of the stand .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 speaker , and the stands accommodate this wire , even the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 'm also running in-wall insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , the stands this thick wire perfectly , even the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall channel rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and place the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the verbalizer base .
1	 I 'm the running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and wire stands accommodate this thick the perfectly , bottom through also groove in the even of the base .
1	 ace 'm also persist in-wall stag insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the support accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the merchantman of the base .
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick MB wire perfectly , even through the besides groove in the bottom of the cable base .
1	 I 'thick also the in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , this the stands accommodate and m wire perfectly , even through the groove in running bottom of the base .
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not release a courteous big deal . 
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying eh push - a nice button would but nicer be to , not a big deal . 
0	scroll button is sort of annoying to push - nice button would be nicer but , not a deal . 
0	the scroll button is sorting of annoying to crowd - a courteous button would be nicer but eh , not a bighearted deal . 
0	boastfully the scroll button is sort of non annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
0	the scroll button is of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer eh , not deal . 
0	the roll button is sort of annoying to advertise - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a vainglorious hatful . 
0	the scroll button is a of deal to push - sort nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big annoying . 
0	The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only con is can think of I the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only learn I can believe of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only bunko I can think of is the miss of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only con I can dismiss think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only con I can think of a the lack of is mega-pixel camera.
0	The only I can think of is the lack a mega-pixel camera.
0	The only con I can think the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	The imagine only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 marvelous is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact rattling in size . 
1	the nikon easy 4300 is wonderful -- coolpix to use , size quality , and compact in high . 
1	the nikon be coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , inch and compact in size . 
1	nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to , high , and compact in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- loose to use , high select , and concordat in size . 
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- comfortable to employment , mellow quality , and compact in size . 
1	to nikon compact 4300 is wonderful -- easy the use , high quality , and coolpix in size . 
1	the nikon 4300 is wonderful -- to , high quality , and compact in size . 
1	 The player is great. 
1	 great player is The. 
1	 The player is enceinte. 
1	 histrion The player is great. 
1	 player is great. 
1	 The player is. 
1	 The participant is great. 
1	 The player is participant great. 
1	 The player great is. 
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player work not does properly . 
0	the dvd player does not work participant properly . 
0	the dvd player does not act properly . 
0	the dvd player does work properly . 
0	decent the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not work decently . 
0	dvd player does not work properly . 
0	not dvd player does the work properly . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly remote , which is worse than , apex units . 
0	my which gripe is the incredibly crappy units , other is worse than other , cheaper apex remote . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy , is worse than , cheaper apex units . 
0	kick my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , punk cheaper apex units . 
0	my other remote is the other crappy gripe , which is worse than incredibly , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other kick is the incredibly crappy remote , which is regretful than other , tatty apex units . 
0	my other gripe is the fantastically crappy remote , which is big than other , inexpensive apex units . 
0	my vertex other gripe is the bitch incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 personify The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a wrinkle of wad .
0	 The only downside is the remote which necessitate a line of batch .
0	 only downside is the remote which a line of sight .
0	 The only downside line the remote which requires a is of sight .
0	 The only downside is the distant remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 the only downside is The remote which requires a line of sight .
1	 It is a wonderful little router .
1	 router is a wonderful little It .
1	 It is a wonderful trivial router .
1	 It is IT a wonderful little router .
1	 It is a wonderful little A router .
1	 is a wonderful little router .
1	 It wonderful a is little router .
1	 It is a wonderful piffling router .
1	 It is wonderful little router .
1	you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about 3 base away from it and it will ease run perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about 3 feet it and it will still perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and out it will trine still work perfectly . 
1	you can be ternary up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work stern perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about tercet pes away from it and it will tranquillize work perfectly . 
1	you can be up to about 3 away from it and will work perfectly . 
1	from can be up you about 3 feet away to it and it will still work perfectly . 
1	you can be up will about still feet away from it and it to 3 work perfectly . 
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	however , do n't like carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case slip . 
0	however , reverse i do n't turned like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on my smash because the time is n't procure and the case can solecism off . 
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on my is because slip clip belt n't secure and the case can the off . 
0	, i like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't and the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do n't like to hold it on my belt because the clip is n't inviolable and the typeface can skid off . 
0	like , i do n't however to carry it on is belt because the clip my n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on causa my belt because the clip is n't forth secure and the case can slip off . 
1	We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
1	We the champ every time we change bag out and have had any problems.
1	We lysol time champ every problems we change the bag out and have not had any the.
1	We lysol the champ every whatever time we change the bag out and have any not had any problems.
1	We lysol the every time we change bag and have not had any problems.
1	We lysol the chomp every time we interchange the dish out and have not had any problems.
1	We the lysol champ every time not change the bag out and have we had any problems.
1	We lysol the champ every time we change problem the bag chomp out and have not had any problems.
1	We lysol the chomp every time we interchange the grip out and have not had any problems.
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled A it to install inwards the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new freshly version on certificate your system!
0	If you are already using will new version of on security and unistalled new to install the previous version, you a still have all kind of problems in installing the it version nortron your system!
0	If are already using a of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all of in the version on your system!
0	If you are already exploitation a previous version of nortron protection and unistalled it to install the novel version, you will tranquillise have all genial of problems in installation the newfangled version on your system!
0	If you are already victimisation a premature version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the freshly variation, you will withal have all kind of problems in installation the new version on your arrangement!
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security to install the version, you will still all kind of problems installing the new on your system!
0	If you are a using nortron previous and of already security version unistalled it to install all new version, you will still have the kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the variety new version, you will still have amp all kind of problems in IT installing the variant new version on your system!
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, No in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both single 54 unity and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	iodine have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mix mood" feature lease you both 54 and xi Mb cards off the router.     
1	I have had no problem either with backward slay compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb away cards off the LET router.     
1	I have you no off either with backward compatiaibility, in 54 the "mixed mode" feature lets had both that and 11 Mb cards problem the router.     
1	I had no either with backward compatiaibility, that the "mixed mode" feature lets 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	I in had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, have both the "mixed mode" feature lets you that 54 and 11 router cards off the Mb.     
1	I have had no problem either backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you 54 and 11 off the.     
1	single have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "ruffle mode" feature lease you both 54 and XI Mb scorecard off the router.     
1	 The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 The changing glance help to tell , with a quick colors .
1	 The colors help to tell , with a quick .
1	 helper The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 The changing colors help glint to tell , with a quick glance .
1	 The exchange colors help to tell , with a fast glance .
1	 The changing colors help to order , with a nimble glance .
1	 The changing colors to tell , with a glance .
1	 The changing colors quick to tell , with a help glance .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive ampere device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which anywhere can take you .
1	 It 's just such can nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you a take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you take .
1	 It 's just such a nice , , non-intrusive which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive twist which you can necessitate anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device gimmick which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a gracious , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can takings anywhere .
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you support problems with and, you can visit symantec's website, support the click tab, click the 'experience or home office support' and there is an automated home assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and not will tell you what is it installation right working how to fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can chatter symantec's website, detent the support pill, click the 'home or internal office support' and there is an automated stand assistant that can scan the Norton curriculum files on your computer and it will evidence you what is not wreak ripe and how to locating it.
0	If you experience problems with installing, you can chitchat symantec's website, tick the indorse tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated tolerate adjunct that can scan the Norton program charge on your computer and it will tell you what is not exploit rightfulness and how to pickle it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click thither the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and dawn there is an along automated support assistant that can scan the reckoner Norton program files on your figurer computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you experience on with it, fix can visit symantec's website, click automated support tab, click the 'home is home office support' and there or an the support assistant that can scan the Norton program files problems your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to you installation.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the unsex support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that adjunct can facility scan the chatter Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is dawn not working right and how to fix it.
0	If experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support, click the 'home or home support' and there is automated support assistant that the Norton program on your computer and it will you what is not working and how to fix.
0	If you experience problems, you symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or support' and there an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton on your computer and it will tell you is not working right and how to fix it.
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 spill is great because you do n't need heavy to put your phone right next to your ear to require talk . 
1	the loud speaker on 6610 is great because you n't need to put your phone right next to ear to . 
1	the loud loudspeaker function on the 6610 is groovy because you do n't need to assign your phone decently next to your auricle to talk . 
1	the loud function on the 6610 great you do n't need put your phone right next to ear to talk . 
1	the loud speaker function on the put is great because you need n't do to 6610 your phone right to to your ear next talk . 
1	the loud speaker go on the 6610 is expectant because you do n't pauperism to put your phone right adjacent to your ear to verbalize . 
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need big to put use your phone right next redact to your ear to talk . 
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you ear n't need phone put do to right next to your your to talk . 
0	But not good enough for me.
0	not good enough for me.
0	But not good enough for non me.
0	ME But not good enough for me.
0	for not good enough But me.
0	But not good enough me.
0	But me good enough for not.
0	But not honorable enough for me.
0	But not well enough for me.
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once got someone .
1	 Tech support was very and once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually person got someone .
1	 tech keep was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech support find was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull actually you once got someone .
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually someone got .
1	 Tech reenforcement was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually experience someone .
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only bellyache about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the clit hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the hardware is ironware the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the the is hardware buttons . 
0	my only gripe buttons the hardware is the about . 
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the clit . 
0	only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 case It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic bounce and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	 It ' flimsy plastic and the monitor around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and while monitor bounces around the you type .
0	 It 's flimsy formative and the proctor bounces around while you type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces you while around type .
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor jounce around while you typecast .
1	lastly , the price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , is price the fantastic : 
1	last , the price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the price fantastic : 
1	lastly , the terms price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the is fantastic : 
1	price , the lastly is fantastic : 
1	cost lastly , the price is fantastic : 
1	lastly , the price is tremendous : 
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector stop broke .
0	 While the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector fracture .
0	 While promote the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 connector upgrading the memory the keyboard While broke .
0	 the upgrading the memory While keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the connection keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard broke .
1	It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It too heavy enough stable make it to, but not is heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It heavy to make stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It heavy enough make it stable, but too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	It is heavy enough to IT make it stable, but not too heavy simply to preclude hand use.
1	It is expectant enough to shit it stable, but not too arduous to preclude hand use.
1	It is heavy enough to hold it stable, but not too fleshy to preclude hand usage.
1	It is besides heavy enough to make it stable, but not only too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	heavy is make enough to heavy it stable, but not too It to preclude hand use.
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced conceivable photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than volition imaginable . 
1	advanced than will find more creative control photobugs imaginable . 
1	modern photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative manipulate than imaginable . 
1	more photobugs will find advanced creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than . 
0	Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will memorize just how tough Nokia is, and why their recent loss of grocery share is so utterly merited.
0	Ultimately will learn just Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will learn and how bad Nokia is, just why deserved recent loss of market share is so utterly their.
0	ultimately you will con just how unfit Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so perfectly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will learn cost just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of be market share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately of will learn just Nokia bad how is, and why their recent loss you market share is so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will learn how bad Nokia is, and their recent loss market share so utterly deserved.
0	Ultimately you will learn just spoiled how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserve deserved.
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it a help can so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can assistant a so-so photographer ingest spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can a so-so photographer spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can a so-so take spectacular photos ! 
1	lensman because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	picture because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer convey striking photos ! 
1	because it can help a so-so spectacular take photographer photos ! 
1	It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It a router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob is easy to adjust prescisely.
1	It is a big router for a table and with the profoundness adjustment node it is loose to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a great router amp for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it ampere is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	It is a great for a and with depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth.
1	It is a great router for a table and with the astuteness allowance knob it is leisurely to conform depth prescisely.
1	It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is profoundness easy to adjust depth fitting prescisely.
1	It is a great easy for a table and adjust the depth adjustment knob it is router to with depth prescisely.
1	It is a great router for adjustment table and with the adjust a knob it is easy to depth depth prescisely.
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this or climb.
0	So, DON'T this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this upgrade or.
0	or, DON'T buy this So upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this upgrade.
0	thence, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T bribe buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this or indeed upgrade.
0	The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The jack gave out only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds same day with some high end sony's I'd having. 
0	The headphone jack gave out after high a couple weeks of use, and having stock earbuds were replaced same day with only some end sony's I'd been the. 
0	been headphone jack gave out after only and couple end of use, a the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high weeks sony's I'd The having. 
0	The headphone seafarer hold out after only a couple weeks of habit, and the tired earbuds were substitute same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	exercise The workweek headphone jack gave out after only a couple sprout weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack gave out after only couple weeks of use, and stock earbuds replaced same day some high end I'd been having. 
0	The headphone Jack-tar render out after only a couple hebdomad of consumption, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high terminal sony's I'd been having. 
0	The headphone jack daytime gave out after only a couple weeks deliver of use, and the break stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the event is too small -- it submit me like a half hour just to puzzle this monstrosity to scene in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too low -- it subscribe me like a half hour just to vex this monstrosity to jibe in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like fit half hour just to cage this monstrosity to a in its get 
0	e ) the case is too small -- me took a in it half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit like its cage 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this charter monstrosity to fit in its withdraw cage 
0	e ) case is too small -- it me like a hour just to get this monstrosity fit in its cage 
0	) the is small -- it took me like a half hour just get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me adenine like a represent half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a free number and it was hassle to get through their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did ampere not list a toll free number and it was non a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a through free number and it was real a hassle to get toll on their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a really bother to produce through on their regular tune . 
0	the customer service dept did list a toll number and it was a real hassle to get on their regular . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free client number and it was a real hassle to get through on client their regular line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll it number and free was a real hassle regular get through on their to line . 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll resign bit and it was a veridical hassle to start through on their regular line . 
1	- speakerphone 
1	- speakerphone 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode for point shoot . 
1	point macro the great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for works and shoot . 
1	the dandy macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and exist shoot . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is point for terrific shoot and . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for live point aesculapian and shoot . 
1	the macro form smashing for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and scoot . 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the car mode is terrific for designate and fritter . 
1	macro works great for medical and the auto mode terrific for point and shoot . 
1	it sure does ! 
1	it certainly does ! 
1	it does ! 
1	it IT sure does ! 
1	it sure ! 
1	it surely does ! 
1	sure it does ! 
1	Energy it sure does ! 
1	The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The full depart of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The effective persona of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The best of the firewall is visual backtracking.
1	The best part of the firewall is salutary the visual backtracking.
1	The best part undecomposed of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
1	The best part backtracking the firewall is the visual of.
1	The part of the firewall is the visual.
1	The backtracking part of the firewall is the visual best.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro newsbreak, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro etc, macro/infinity mode, flash.
1	eternity Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro winkle, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro mode, macro/infinity flash, etc.
1	Slow-syncro, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	Slow-syncro flash,/infinity mode, etc.
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  songs GB OR 40 of?  The pros GB the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 20).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros storage the 40 with: Comes GB a "dock station" and double of space (10,000 songs).
1	  20 GB OR XL 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double G storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" double storage space (10,).
1	  20 GB surgery 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: do with a "dock station" and double storage space (tenner,000 birdsong).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the XL GB: derive with a "dock post" and double storage quad (10,000 songs).
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and Oregon double surgery storage space (10,000 songs).
1	  GB OR 40?  The pros of 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000).
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	I just upgraded to production the Linksys rattling WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	single just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router survive month and I am very happy with the calibre of the intersection.  
1	router just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G product I last month and I am very happy with the quality of the Wireless-G.  
1	single just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router lowest month and unity am very happy with the quality of the production.  
1	I just upgraded to Linksys WRT54G router last month and am happy with the quality of the product.  
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router of month and I am the happy with very quality last the product.  
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G hardly Wireless-G router last month and I am very one happy with the quality of the product.  
1	I just upgraded the Linksys Wireless-G last month and I am very happy with the quality the product.  
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I draw 9 secs on my transcription, sometimes ace get 17.
0	The recorders a bit, sometimes I get secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders bit odd, sometimes I get 9 on my recordings, sometimes get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, on I get 9 get sometimes my recordings, sometimes I secs 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I find 9 SEC on my recordings, sometimes single get 17.
0	The video xvii recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 seventeen secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The 17 recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on get recordings, sometimes I my video.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my niner recordings, sometimes I ix get 17.
1	Even though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even little you days get a cheap router these could, I'm happy I spent a though extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could beat a flash router these days, I'm happy I spent a picayune special for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could suffer a bum router these daytime, I'm happy I spent a little excess for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could get a cheap pass router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra ampere for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could get a cheap little these days, I'm happy I spent a router extra Linksys the for. 
1	Even angstrom though you could get a cheap router these days, iodine I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could get cheap these days, I'm happy I little extra for the Linksys. 
1	Even though you could a cheap router, I'm happy I spent a extra for the Linksys. 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch format during record review gives you more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to record format during post-processing review gives you incredible more raw flexibility . 
1	one . the ability to selectively switch to cutting initialize during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw i format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing contribute flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw arrange format during record review gives pay you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	selectively . the ability to 1 switch you raw format during record review gives to incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during register refresh feed you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	1 . ability to selectively switch to raw format record review gives you more post-processing flexibility . 
1	 Set up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty well and things seemed just good .
1	 fixed up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty well things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty good and things seemed well .
1	 Set up seemed pretty well and things went good .
1	 Set up live pretty well and things seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty well and things matter seemed good .
1	 Set up went pretty and things seemed good .
1	it is versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
1	it of versatile and seems to be one is the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be peerless of the unspoiled . 
1	it is versatile and seems outdo to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be best of the one . 
1	it is and to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile seems to one of the best . 
1	it is embody versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
1	it is versatile and seem to be matchless of the best . 
0	 material is on the cheap side .
0	 material is on the gaudy side .
0	 material is the cheap side .
0	 stuff material is on the cheap side .
0	 material is on the cheap position .
0	 side is on the cheap material .
0	 on is material the cheap side .
0	 material is on cheap side .
0	 substantial material is on the cheap side .
1	excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i found done the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	regurgitate excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent good - i found the music reproduce faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i the music reproduced faithfully through jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - faithfully found the music reproduced i through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully the through jukebox . 
1	excellent vocalize - i encounter the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	excellent sound - i the music reproduced faithfully the jukebox . 
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did buy the ace notmad software a week ago and found that ane a vast improvement . 
1	did buy notmad software a week ago and found that a vast . 
1	i did buy the notmad ago a week improvement and found that a vast software . 
1	i did buy the software week ago and found that a vast . 
1	i vast buy the notmad software a did ago and found that a week improvement . 
1	i did purchase the notmad software a week ago and launch that a vast melioration . 
1	i did buy the notmad package a week ago and retrieve that a immense improvement . 
1	i did buy the agone notmad software a week ago melioration and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the microcode at all , the instrumentalist worked complete for me compensate out of the box . 
1	go i have n't microcode messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the thespian mould arrant for me decent out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with the at all , the player worked perfect for right out box . 
1	i the n't messed with the firmware at of , have player worked perfect for me right out all the box . 
1	i all n't messed with the firmware at have , the player worked perfect for right me out of the box . 
1	have messed with the at , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	i have n't messed with altogether the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out At of the box . 
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did regular not reek even smell any odor.
1	First 4 months it was in our bedchamber and we did not still smell any scent.
1	First 4 months it was in our and we not even smell odor.
1	aroma First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell quadruplet any odor.
1	First 4 months we was in our any and it did not even smell bedroom odor.
1	initiative 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not eve feel any odor.
1	First 4 it was in bedroom and we did even smell any odor.
1	bedroom 4 months it was in we First and our did not even smell any odor.
0	I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I even download downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	i even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I even download the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I even downloaded product's user manual - useless. 
0	unity I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	I even product's the downloaded user manual - useless. 
0	I even downloaded the manual user product's - useless. 
1	I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have come across many other beginner cameras get that I livelihood prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this follow camera is the size.
1	I have across many other beginner cameras that prefer over this camera, but thing you have to in about this camera is the size.
1	I have come affair across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, favour but the thing you have In to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I come about across many other beginner that cameras I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind have this camera is the size.
1	iodine have fall across many other tyro cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to observe in heed about this camera is the size.
1	I have beginner across many other come cameras that I prefer you to camera, but the thing over have this keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have come many other beginner cameras I prefer over this camera, but the thing have keep mind about this camera is the size.
1	I have arrive across many other beginner cameras that ace favour over this camera, but the thing you have to continue in intellect about this camera is the size.
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	only downside to this is that it can get stinky long the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this rotten is that it can be get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only to this that it can pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can grow fairly stinky long before the pail is broad.
0	The only downside to is this that pail can get pretty stinky long before the it is full.
0	The only downside to earlier this is that it can get pretty stinky acquire long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty is long stinky the pail before full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can start pretty shitty recollective before the pail is full.
0	Don't buy the diaper champ.
0	Don't bribe the diaper champ.
0	the buy Don't diaper champ.
0	Don't purchase the diaper champ.
0	Don't buy the diaper napkin champ.
0	Don't buy the diaper bribe champ.
0	champ buy the diaper Don't.
0	Don't buy the champ.
0	Don't the diaper champ.
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and mitt pocket.
1	It accommodate comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It comfortably fits in my hand and pocket.
1	pocket fits comfortably in my hand and It.
1	It tantrum comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and.
1	It fits comfortably in hand and pocket.
1	It fits comfortably scoop in my hand and pocket.
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the simply iPod go is rather delicate, so I ill am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched generate up. 
0	  My only complaint (really of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod rather delicate, so am going to get case mine so it get all scratched. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside polish of the iPod is kinda frail, so I am perish to draw a case for mine so it doesn't nonplus all chafe up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the international cultivation of the iPod is rather delicate, so unity am proceed to come a face for mine so it doesn't father all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of embody the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to font get a case for mine so it quite doesn't get all scratched ticklish up. 
0	  My it complaint (really more of an observation) is up the outside finish am the iPod is rather delicate, so I of going to get a case for mine so only doesn't get scratched all that. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) that the outside finish the is rather delicate, so I going to a case for mine so doesn't all scratched up. 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the all finish of mine rather is iPod delicate, so I so going to get a case for the am it doesn't get outside scratched up. 
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set is it's PDA features mapquest avantgo.com where you can download info from sites it weather,with maps/directions into like, which up great.
1	one have fructify up it's PDA lineament with avantgo.com where you can download info from locate like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is dandy.
1	I have place up it's PDA have with avantgo.com where you can download info from ride comparable endure,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com mapquest you into download info sites from like weather,where maps/directions can it, which is great.
1	I set it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download sites like,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set up it's ride PDA features with avantgo.com where you can rag download info from sites like weather,mapquest have maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set up it's PDA features with iodine avantgo.com where you can consume download info exist from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set it's PDA features with.com where you can download info sites weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which great.
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you use using Bluetooth, and along want to are GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone you with a Belkin USB Linux adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I phone along with a USB Bluetooth.
1	If you wishing are using Linux, and you want propose to use indicate GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are phone Linux, and to want to use GPRS you connect to the net, I suggest a using along with this Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	web If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin earpiece USB network Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are utilize Linux, and you desire to employment GPRS to connect to the net, ace suggest this phone on with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and use GPRS to connect the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth.
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to habit GPRS to join to the net, 1 advise this sound along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for the for indicated nothing should load Apple CD-ROM , but it of out it only contained a PDF turns instructions and offered I by way of explanation on installing users Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , instructions users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but turns out it contained a PDF instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on for Apple computers .
0	 , the instructions for Apple users indicated I the , but it turns only a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users signal I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only hold a PDF of education and extend nothing by means of explanation on instal for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should stunned load the ane CD-ROM , but command it turns out it only contained shipment a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 Meanwhile , the contained for Apple I indicated users should load a CD-ROM , but it turns out it of instructions the PDF only instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	 lag , the statement for Apple users indicated 1 should laden the CD-ROM , but it turn out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on instalment for Apple calculator .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , IT but it turns out it only contained a PDF cypher of instructions installation and offered nothing by way of merely explanation on installing for Apple computers .
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient my.
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient pauperization for my needs.
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for enceinte my needs.
0	Also the battery life for great but it's sufficient isn't my needs.
0	Also the battery life isn't nifty but it's sufficient for my necessitate.
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's for my.
0	Also the battery biography isn't enceinte but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	Also the great life isn't battery but it's sufficient for my needs.
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems getting the to recognize two of my favorite . 
0	i immediately deuce had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems of the player to recognize two getting my favorite dvds . 
0	immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of favorite dvds . 
0	i forthwith had problems stick the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had instantly problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems bewilder the player to recognize two of my dearie dvds . 
0	i immediately had problems the getting player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
1	The bottom line "Phone cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in market and has all the new features, soon be displaced by upcoming newer".
1	The tush channel is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest earphone in the market and has all the new features, but this will presently be displace by coming newer ring".
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the be phone in the market and has all new the by, this but will soon latest displaced features upcoming newer phones".
1	The bottom lineage is "earpiece is cool unity - only for the moment, as its the recent phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be terminate by upcoming fresh headphone".
1	The bottom line is "Phone is fire cool second one - only for the moment, as ancestry its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will call soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
1	The bottom line is " is cool one - the moment, as its latest phone in the and has all the new, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming phones".
1	The bottom line is "Phone phones moment one - only for the cool, as upcoming all latest phone in the market and has the the new features, but this will soon be displaced by its newer is".
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - telephone only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this past will soon be totally displaced by upcoming newer lineament phones".
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	factor to use , small form easy , and looks good to boot . 
1	to easy use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	easy to use , small var. agent , and looks good to boot . 
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks full good to boot . 
1	easy to , form factor , and looks good to boot . 
1	to use , small form factor , and looks to boot . 
1	easy to usage , small form factor , and looks good to kicking . 
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks adept good to boot . 
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
0	i bang it until it develop , but less than a month is not an acceptible flow of time for something to act . 
0	i loved it until broke , less than a month is not an acceptible of for something to work . 
0	i loved it until it divulge , but LE than a month is not an acceptible period of sentence for something to mold . 
0	i loved month until it broke , but less than a it is not an acceptible period of something for time to work . 
0	i loved it enjoy until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time hump for something to work . 
0	i it it broke , less than a month not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a breach month is not an acceptible period of time for something rupture to work . 
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a month of not an acceptible to is time for something period work . 
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features the on router, but it use not difficult to set up for basic is.  
1	I haven't tried to set up any supercharge boast on the router, but it is not difficult to define up for basic habituate.  
1	I haven't tried follow to set up any advanced features on along the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set for basic.  
1	set haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not up to I difficult for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried IT to employment set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	I haven't tried set up any advanced on the router, but is not to set up for basic use.  
1	iodine haven't assay to pose up any progress features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	Games-- not really important, but existant 
1	important not really Games--, but existant 
1	genuinely Games-- not really important, but existant 
1	Games-- not really crucial, but existant 
1	Games-- not really non important, but existant 
1	Games-- not truly important, but existant 
1	Games-- really important, but existant 
1	really not Games-- important, but existant 
1	Games-- not really, but existant 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
1	The the recorded with FM are as good as songs original signal. 
1	The songs AS recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good as Fm the original signal. 
1	The songs recorded FM are as good the original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM are as sound as the original sign. 
1	The songs immortalize with FM are as well as the original signal. 
1	The songs recorded with FM original as good as the are signal. 
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate easy the buttons are and to use . 
1	the menus are easy to to and the buttons are easy navigate use . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons easy use . 
1	menus are easy to navigate and buttons are easy to use . 
1	the easily menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy voyage to use . 
1	the menus are slowly to navigate and the buttons are easy to usage . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are gentle to habituate . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having considerable time with professional video gear , i onscreen displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional television gear , i find onscreen displays vexatious . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen incur displays annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays give annoying . 
0	having spent annoying time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays considerable . 
0	having spent considerable displays with professional video gear , i find onscreen time annoying . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i regain onscreen displays pestiferous . 
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , find onscreen displays . 
1	 I love this little speaker .
1	 I love this little lovemaking speaker .
1	 I love ane this little speaker .
1	 iodine love this little speaker .
1	 I love this speaker .
1	 I love this little .
1	 I love this speaker little .
1	 this love I little speaker .
1	 I bed this little speaker .
1	operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'but no annie lebovitz , m i was able to its out just of figure abilities most messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	control its many sport is well-fixed and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able-bodied to forecast out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera fund . 
1	memory operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was cost able to figure out follow most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many features scarcely is simply easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just approximately messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	manoeuvre its many boast is light and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to chassis out most of its abilities just messing some with it at a camera shop . 
1	operating its many features is easy and obvious - 'm lebovitz , but i was able to figure out of abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	operating its many features easy and - 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its just messing with it at a camera store . 
1	of its many features is figure and often obvious - a 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to easy out most operating its abilities just messing around with it at i camera store . 
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM to in it card be able to use provider in Europe with another service it.
1	3 band and you can another change the SIM card in it to be able to use service in Europe with just it provider.
1	trinity band and you can just convert the SIM menu in it to be able to use it in Europe with another help provider.
1	iii band and you can just change the SIM scorecard in it to be able to utilisation it in Europe with another serving provider.
1	3 band and can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe another.
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be function able to use it in Europe with another constitute service provider.
1	3 band and you can just avail change the SIM card in help it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	3 and can just change SIM card in it to be able to it in Europe with another service provider.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided spell by the phone is useful for those who talk on the ram phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is driving talk those who for on the phone while useful.
1	The handsfree provided by the useful is phone for those who on talk the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided patch by the phone is useful for those maculation who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is those who talk the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the sound is useful for those who verbalise on the headphone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the.
1	The handsfree supply by the phone is useful for those who sing on the earpiece while driving.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you study expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, 2 transmission programs and multiple depot twist, dependability - this is a phone that isn't prosperous to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage transmittance devices, dependability - this is a phone that gimmick isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous to, two transmission programs phone multiple this devices, dependability - storage is a and that isn't easy features out-grow.
0	is you consider expandability (downloads devices computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage via, dependability - this When a phone easy isn't that to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability ( via computer), the numerous features, transmission programs and multiple storage devices, - this is phone that easy to out-grow.
0	When you count expandability (downloads via figurer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, reliability - this is a headphone that isn't slowly to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple II storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't storehouse easy to twist out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), numerous, two transmission programs and multiple storage, dependability - is a phone isn't easy to out-grow.
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so weight things: - a bit too spindle nice and power for easy handheld use - much lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - chuck 1/4" the sleeve requires MUCH keep to tightening bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld mandrel use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit IV changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck inept sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from likewise slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and might for promiscuous handheld usance - spindle operate seduce for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the ane/IV" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a prick too much weight and power for slow handheld utilize - spindle lock take for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH constrain to keep number from sneak
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight handheld power for easy slipping use - spindle lock makes of awkward bit a (outside for changing table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from and
0	Not so nice things: - a lots bit too much weight and much power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (practice outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to deepen keep bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - bit too and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit (outside of a table) - the/4" chuck sleeve MUCH tightening to bits from slipping
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and for handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" sleeve MUCH tightening keep from slipping
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for still and with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for notwithstanding and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's sound for still and video with great.
1	envision quality's great for still and video with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for still video and with sound.
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with phone sound.
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
0	not this is * but documented * in the zen copy - neither the hard manual nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the hard manual - neither the zen copy version the cd nor . 
0	this is * documented * in the zen manual - the hard copy nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither tough the hard copy nor the cd only version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the dose manual - neither the hard re-create nor the cadmium version . 
0	but this is * documented * in the zen manual - neither hard nor the cd version . 
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the voiceless transcript nor the cd variant . 
0	dot but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the dit cd version . 
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
1	  summation, if you govern from Amazon.com, they will change it for you no problem.  
1	  Plus, if you ordain from amazon.com, they will replace it for you no problem.  
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.you, they will exchange for it com no problem.  
1	  virago Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, ordination they will exchange it for you no problem.  
1	  Plus, if order Amazon.com, they will exchange it for no problem.  
1	  Plus, you order from Amazon., they will exchange it you no problem.  
1	  No Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange amazon it for you no problem.  
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it you for no problem.  
1	and we definitely prefer our Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer our chomp!
1	and definitely prefer our Champ!
1	and definitely we prefer our Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer decidedly our Champ!
1	and decidedly we definitely prefer our Champ!
1	prefer we definitely and our Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer Champ!
1	and we definitely prefer our champ!
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked optic without taking your eyes centre off the road ! 
1	the unit exercise great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily forge without drive your eyeball off the road ! 
1	the unit act bully with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily lick without direct your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my my adapter for also car & is cassette easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my is adapter for my car & cassette also worked easily without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my represent car & is also easily worked without taking your rent eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your off the road ! 
1	unit works great with my cassette adapter for car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes road ! 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
0	provide Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant ace that I was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Page Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from along the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative outset scant few pages of instruction, was meant that I which on own from the offered. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant I instruction of pages, which meant that few was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant pages instruction, which meant that was on own from the outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which imply that iodin was on own from the beginning. 
0	, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, meant that I was on own from outset. 
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which imply that one was on own from the first. 
1	i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better with this one since it had single the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.cracking ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better with this since it the shuffle feature and i 'm too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.. 
1	the felt better with this one since it had i keen feature and i 'm not too shuffle on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better and this one www it had the shuffle feature since i 'm not too keen on with.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i mat improve with this unity since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too neat on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt break with this unmatched since it had the shuffle have and i 'm not too stabbing on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better with this one since along it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too unrivalled keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	i felt better this one had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
1	I feel less likely to drop this phone others, are actually starting to get too small.
1	I feel much less likely to bead this phone than others, which are actually starting to grow too lowly.
1	I feel much less likely to devolve this phone than others, which are actually go to come too small.
1	I feel which less likely to get this phone than others, much are actually starting to drop too small.
1	I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, tone which are actually starting to get too initiate small.
1	I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting dribble to get too really small.
1	I small much less likely to actually this phone than others, which are drop starting to get too feel.
1	I feel much to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get small.
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried to non hook up the first IT one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	we tried to hook up the first one , was broken - the motor would not discs or close the . 
0	when tried we was hook up the first one , it to broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we eject to or up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not tried discs hook close the door . 
0	when we tried to snitch up the initiatory one , it was transgress - the motor would not eject discs or closely the door . 
0	when we tried to up the one , it was broken - the motor would not discs close the door . 
0	when we tried release to hook constitute up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried to overcharge up the first peerless , it was violate - the motor would not eject discs or finis the door . 
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ not start letting a little odor until well over year.
1	The Champ did not kickoff allow a little odor through until easily over a year.
1	The Champ did small not start letting a little odor adenine through until well over a year.
1	did Champ The not start letting a little odor through until well year a over.
1	The Champ did not start letting a little yr odor through until amp well over a year.
1	The well little not start letting a did odor through until Champ over a year.
1	The Champ did not protrude have a trivial odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ not start a odor through until well over a year.
1	Let the Champ win you over!
1	Let the Champ you over!
1	Let the Champ let win you over!
1	Let win Champ the you over!
1	the Champ win you over!
1	countenance the Champ win you over!
1	winnings Let the Champ win you over!
1	Let the Champ over you win!
1	Let the champion win you over!
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 'if batteries are proprietary , they last more really long time , recharge fairly quickly batteries the camera , plus s you want ' a power ' , you can even knockoff a find charger and spare in right here on amazon . 
1	canon 's batteries proprietary , they last a long time , recharge fairly quickly in the , plus if you want ' ' , can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in privation the camera , plus if you want ' ripe more power ' , you reload can even find a knockoff charger and rattling spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they close a very long time , recharge fairly apace in the camera , plus if you want ' more powerfulness ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and redundant batteries ripe here on Amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly in the , plus you want ' more power ' , you can even find knockoff charger and spare batteries here . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a courser really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if proprietorship you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff More charger and mogul spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a very long clock , recharge somewhat quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more superpower ' , you can even find a clone charger and supernumerary batteries justly here on amazon . 
1	although canon 's even are quickly , they last more really long time , want fairly proprietary in the camera , plus if you recharge ' a power ' , you can batteries find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
0	to my amazement , even that process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that process error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , that even process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , even that process erring was error-prone . 
0	to amazement , even that process was error-prone . 
0	to process amazement , even that my was error-prone . 
0	to my astonishment , even that process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , Washington even that process was error-prone . 
0	to my amazement , tied that process was error-prone . 
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just that.
0	First of all, I've totally never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	offset of all, I've never been cock-a-hoop on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of foremost all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, that never been big on earbuds - they're just not I've comfortable.
0	First all, I've never been big on - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First not all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just of that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been boastfully on earbuds - they're just not that comfy.
1	a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about creative software , but actually find creative organizer to have some strengths over . 
1	complain lot of people a about the creative software , but i actually some creative mediasource organizer to have find strengths over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative virtually software , but posture i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about creative software , but i actually mediasource organizer to have strengths over itunes . 
1	a Lot of people plain about the creative software , but i really retrieve creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain about the creative strengths , but i over find creative mediasource organizer to have some software actually itunes . 
1	a hatful of multitude kvetch about the creative software , but i actually retrieve creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	a lot of people complain see about the creative software , but ane i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has nurture the bar owing to number of features it offers and the inviolable ease of use enthrall.
1	It has raised bar owing to number it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has raised use the owing to number of features it offers and bar absolute ease of the delight.
1	features has of the bar owing to number raised It it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	ravish It has raised the bar owing rank to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has raised the debar owing to numeral of features it offers and the absolute ease of function delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of levy use IT delight.
1	It the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease use delight.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router better and it works much Raizer.
0	I replaced it with much Router Raizer and it works a better.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and works better.
0	I replaced it with replace a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	single replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much punter.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it study much punter.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much practically better.
0	I replaced with a Router Raizer and it works much.
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is lighter enough to carry around all day without pain . 
1	is light enough to carry around day without bother . 
1	it is light enough to stockpile around all day without pain . 
1	it is light enough to all day without bother . 
1	it is light enough without carry around all day to bother . 
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without totally bother . 
1	it is light enough carry to around all day without bother . 
1	it is round light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE THING CLEAN THE TO!!
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO sporting THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL induce TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO unclouded CLEAN THE THING!!
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE!!
0	2. THING STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE YOU!!
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN uninfected THE THING!!
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i power miss an ability to navigate by pilot folders . 
0	in any to , navigation by artist / by is ok however i miss an ability case navigate album folders . 
0	in any case , by / is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	in any instance , navigation by artist / album is okeh however i neglect an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	in any case , sailing by artist / album is ok however i misfire an ability to navigate by booklet . 
0	pilot in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok one however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
0	in any case , navigation by artist / is ok however i an ability to navigate folders . 
0	in any i , navigation by artist / album is ok however case miss to ability an navigate by folders . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	would have liked to given it 4/2 stars docking that 1/2 only for the size . 
0	i would have liked to have afford it four 1/two stars docking that 1/2 prima only for the size . 
0	i the have liked to have given it 2 1/4 stars docking that 1/2 star only for would size . 
0	i would have liked to have collapse it 4 one/2 wizard docking that single/2 star only for the size . 
0	i would have liked to have 4 it given 1/2 stars that docking 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	i would liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars that 1/2 only for size . 
0	tetrad i would have liked to sole have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star adept only for the sensation size . 
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	 is a plus with this netbook , increased size of.6 means and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	 realize This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages position and woks made in webpage Office .
1	 This is a plus summation with this netbook , the adenine increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view survey of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	 This is a plus in woks netbook , the increased size of 1.with inches means better and clear view of webpages and this made 6 Office .
1	 This is a plus webpages size netbook , the increased clear of 1.6 inches means better and this view of with and woks made in Office .
1	 with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches signify comfortably and clear prospect of webpages and woks create in part .
1	 This is a asset with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches agency considerably and pass view of webpages and woks construct in Office .
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the powerful stations in any given area. 
0	reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful in any given metro area. 
0	The FM spectacular reception isn't radio's, but it will pick up metro most powerful stations in any given the area. 
0	given FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up area most powerful stations in any The metro the. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, prominent but it will pick up the most powerful stations mightily in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will cream up the most mightily stations in any apply metro field. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will plectron up the most mightily station in any minded metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it place will pick up the nigh most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good ; wake-up , sleep ; multiple play modes 
1	great ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful ; software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; battery interface ; replaceable , multiple good ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; powerful play modes 
1	kip great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful quietus battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; port good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , slumber sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	battery sound ; replaceable interface ; good , powerful great ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	keen sound ; near interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; proficient software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	cracking sound ; serious interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple fiddle modes 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST feature POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE ca-ca IT RATE ONE wizard: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES ace IT RATE shuffling ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE IT ONE STAR: What's up with no cord? 
0	) WORST POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE no IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with MAKES cord recharge? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS astir ALONE MAKES IT upwards RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, cord ALONE MAKES IT RATE no STAR: What's up with ONE recharge THIS? 
0	) high-risk FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE hit IT RATE ONE whizz: What's up with no recharge cord? 
1	It offers way more features than I need but the ones I use work well.
1	It offers way more features than I pauperism but the ones I use wreak substantially.
1	need offers way It features than I more but the ones I use work well.
1	It offers need more features well I way but the ones I use work than.
1	It offers way more features than I need ones I use work.
1	It offers way more features than shape I need but path the ones I use work well.
1	It offers agency more features than ane need but the ones I use mold well.
1	offers way more than I need but the I use work well.
1	It offers way more features than I exercise need but the ones I use one work well.
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; won't regret it.     
1	But it; you won't it.     
1	But it; won't you regret it.     
1	But it; you regret won't it.     
1	But it; IT you won't regret it.     
1	But it; you won't rue it.     
1	But it; you won't IT regret it.     
1	But it; you won't repent it.     
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is respectable , it train more than good sound on a portable-mp threesome player to result in a goodness product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it payoff more than dependable sound on a portable-mp trio player to result in a unspoiled product . 
0	although the portable-mp is good , it takes more than good sound on 3 sound-quality a player to result in a good product . 
0	although on sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound the a portable-mp 3 player a result in to good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes leash more than good sound instrumentalist on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	although sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to a product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it more good sound on a 3 player result in a good product . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it indium takes more than good sound on a axerophthol portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	 The sound is far from good and there 's a lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is far from near and there 's a mass of interference mainly when doing any WiFi activity .
0	 The is far from and there 's a lot of interference mainly doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The execute sound is far from good and there 's a lot of interference mainly whatsoever when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is from good and there 's lot of interference mainly doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The fathom is far from skilful and there 's a lot of disturbance mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	 The sound is far from activity and there 's a any of interference mainly when doing lot Wifi good .
0	 a sound is far from activity and there 's The lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi good .
0	 The sound is far from good and there 's a lot of beneficial interference mainly when doing any whatsoever Wifi activity .
0	nothing but hassle with this company . 
0	this but hassle with nothing company . 
0	nothing but hassle this company . 
0	nothing but hassle with companion this company . 
0	nothing but provoke with this company . 
0	nothing caller but hassle with this company . 
0	nothing hassle with this company . 
0	hassle but nothing with this company . 
0	nothing but chevy with this company . 
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The subdivision band is fantastic and it doesn't budge eventide at the gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the isthmus gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and budge doesn't it even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it budge even at the.  
1	The arm band is it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't live budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it at budge even doesn't the gym.  
1	The arm band is grand and it doesn't agitate even at the gym.  
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , , and so are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , then and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are to easy very alter , and correct . 
1	real touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very well-to-do to spay , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to falsify , and adjust . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and and on are very easy to alter , so correct . 
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	I hope you a magnifying glass, because the number as well as of the pop up are tiny.
0	I hope because have a magnifying glass, you the number displayed as well up most of the pop as options are tiny.
0	I hope you have a magnifying deoxyephedrine, because the enumerate displayed as well as most of the protrude up choice are tiny.
0	I hope you have a petite magnifying glass, because the enumerate number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of deliver the pop up options are desire tiny.
0	I hope you have a magnifying as, because the as displayed number well glass most of the pop up options are tiny.
0	one hope you have a magnifying glass, because the enumerate displayed as well as most of the pop up pick are bantam.
0	I have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as most of the pop up options are tiny.
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
1	i 've far had it a week , but so only , everything making this camera is about me happy . 
1	i 've only had a , but so far , everything about this camera is me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a workweek , but so far , everything about this camera is make me felicitous . 
1	i 've only had it a workweek , but so far , everything about this camera is hit me glad . 
1	i 've only had it a week , but far , this camera is making me happy . 
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this ace camera is be making me happy . 
1	i 'week only had camera a ve , but so far , everything about this it is making me happy . 
1	i 've only had it ALIR a week , but so far , everything about this camera thusly is making me happy . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really made this a Maine mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really made this mediocre mp3 player me was the software . 
0	actually what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really this a mediocre player for me was the software . 
0	what made really this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really gain this a mediocre mp3 actor for me was the software . 
0	what this made really a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really throw this a average mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	Still has terrible.  
0	Still terrible software.  
0	nonetheless Still has terrible software.  
0	software has terrible Still.  
0	Still has horrendous software.  
0	Still terrible has software.  
0	lull has terrible software.  
0	Still deliver has terrible software.  
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that helped remove manually, although I had to those remove a good number the files from of "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that remove those, although I had to manually remove a number of files the "" directory.
1	Their website had a download that facilitate remove those, although I had to manually remove a soundly act of charge from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that serve murder those, although I had to manually remove a right number of files from the "curriculum" directory.
1	Their website had ace a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of site files from the "Programs" directory.
1	Their website had a download that those, although I had to remove a good number of from the "Programs" directory.
1	give Their website had unity a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	website Their had a download that helped had those, although I manually to remove remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
0	a bit dissapoitnd on that!
0	a routine dissapoitnd on that!
0	a bit dissapoitnd on!
0	a prick dissapoitnd on that!
0	a axerophthol bit dissapoitnd on that!
0	a bit dissapoitnd that!
0	a on dissapoitnd bit that!
0	a bit dissapoitnd along on that!
0	a bit on dissapoitnd that!
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as i remark before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have suppose , though notmad May still work salutary . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative software is really robust despite what have said , though notmad may work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource may software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though May notmad may still work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , the really mediasource software is actually creative robust despite what others have said , may notmad though still work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually scorn really robust note despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually actually robust despite what others have allege , though notmad may still crop best . 
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really may despite what others have said , though notmad robust work still better . 
1	as i mentioned before , mediasource software is actually really robust despite others have said , though notmad may still better . 
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, real and identical most of them are very useful such as the ability late to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default nonpayment items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It creativelabs has tons more features then previous creative products, and most to them are very useful such stuff the ability to custimize the main menu of show the as you want, not the default items (also.for com more on that).  
1	It besides has gobs more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the principal menu to designate the overgorge you wish, not the nonpayment detail (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It also has tons more then features previous creative products, and most of them are very to such as the ability useful custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, on the default items (com.creativelabs for more not that).  
1	It also has heaps more features then previous creative product, and most of them are very useful such as the power to custimize the master menu to testify the gormandise you need, not the default detail (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and them are very useful ability to the main menu to show the you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com more on that).  
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, most of are very useful such the ability to custimize the main to show the stuff you, not the default (.com for more that).  
1	It also has tons more utile features More then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize shew the main menu to show the stuff you lashings want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, heart which is especially annoying when you're in the middle plot of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod occasionally, which especially annoying when you're in the middle a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, is especially annoying when in the middle of a of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially chafe when you're in the midsection of a plot of "brick." *
0	My immobilize ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're plot in the middle of a game of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're a middle the of in game of "brick." *
0	My ipod of occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle freezes game a of "brick." *
0	My ipod freezing occasionally, which is especially nettlesome when you're in the middle of a lame of "brick." *
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after television about 3 awful weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the television output no yearner worked ( after about trine weeks ) . 
0	this 3 longer awesome player , before the video output no an worked ( after about was weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , the video output no worked ( after about weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video turnout no longer operate ( after about triplet weeks ) . 
0	was awesome player , the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the picture video output no longer worked ( AN after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	this output an awesome player , before the video was no longer after ( worked about 3 weeks ) . 
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful guided to the actual problem , which was that the router failed to `` '' the Ethernet my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the that problem , which was actual the router failed FiOS network auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my to optical `` block .
1	 This time , support more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the link speed from my optical network .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which was ethernet that the personify router channelize failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This clock , D-Link sustain was more helpful and point me to the actual trouble , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet connection speed from my FiOS optical network stuff .
1	 This time , D-Link patronize was more helpful and run me to the factual problem , which was that the router miscarry to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link amphetamine from my FiOS optical network stoppage .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , living which was that the router failed clock to `` embody auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	 This time , D-Link support block more helpful FiOS guided me to the actual failed , which was that the router problem to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my and optical network was .
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I exist still coif have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (switch and, of ensure course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still to reach below table the spindle lock (and, of, the speed and/OFF controls).
0	With bit changing has been done above the, although I still have to reach below the table to the spindle lock (and, of course, the and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the altogether PlungeLIFT all my bit possess changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the spike table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF whole controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit switch has been exercise above the table, although ace noneffervescent have to reach below the table to manoeuver the spindle lock (and, of class, the hie and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the below, ON I still have although reach table the to table operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and to/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all and bit changing has been have above the to, although I still done to reach below the course table operate the spindle lock (my, of table, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my routine change has been done above the tabularize, although I still have to achieve below the table to operate the spindle interlock (and, of course, the speed and ON/slay check).
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  shouldn't easy USE/DESIGN: The iPod is figure very OF to use MP3 player, and if you can't a this out, you EASE even own one.
1	  facilitate OF utilization/excogitation: The iPod is a very easy to exercise MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't eve own one.
1	  EASE OF/DESIGN: The iPod a very easy to MP3 player, and if you can't this, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to usage use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this manipulation out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod to a very player is use MP3 can't, and if you easy figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  practice EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy A to use MP3 player, and if selfsame you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE OF habit/innovation: The iPod is a very easy to apply MP3 participant, and if you can't calculate this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	  EASE OF/DESIGN: iPod very easy to use MP3 player, and you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small the thing is, blue glow - it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	iodin honey how small the thing is, and the drab lambency - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue iodine glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems fuck at all.  
1	I thing how it the love is, and the blue glow - I've had small for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	i beloved how small the thing is, and the depressed glow - I've had it for ii weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small the thing two, and glow blue the - I've had it for is weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small thing is, and glow - I've had it for weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love altogether how small the astatine thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so you capabilities that many 'room always have ll for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many potentiality that you 'll always have room for fresh technologies as they develop . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll invariably have way for novel technologies as they evolve . 
1	this fresh has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for board new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have for as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities perpetually that you 'll always technology have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many that you 'll always have room for technologies they evolve . 
1	this has so they capabilities always you 'll that have room for new technologies as many evolve . 
1	INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	MEMORY!
1	MEMORY INCREDIBLE!
1	INCREDIBLE retentivity!
1	retentivity INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	unbelievable INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	INCREDIBLE store!
1	INCREDIBLE!
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially sound these phones were fun loudspeaker to play with some of the cool follow features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially these phones were fun to romp with some of the cool characteristic like the utterer phone, entanglement browser and ofcourse the make in camera.
1	Initially these were fun play with some of the cool features speaker, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	to these phones were cool Initially play with some of the fun built like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the features in camera.
1	these phones fun to play with some of cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and built in camera.
1	Initially fun phones ofcourse these to play with some of the cool features phone the speaker like, web browser and were the built in camera.
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some work of the cool net features like the speaker phone, web inwards browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	Initially these earpiece were play to spiel with some of the cool boast like the speaker headphone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , dvd you 'of looking for my opinion re the apex if player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're attend for my opinion of the apex videodisk player , i beloved it ! 
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of ace the videodisc apex dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're face for my opinion of the peak dvd player , i fuck it ! 
1	but , if you 're i for my opinion of looking apex dvd player , the love it ! 
1	but , if you 'musician re looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i actor love it ! 
1	but , if you ' looking for opinion of the dvd player , i love it ! 
1	but , if you 're looking of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the initiative time it bump i sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight I periodically fail , the first sent it happened will time it in for warranty repair .
0	 The foremost backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened IT I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically break , the first time it bump I sent it in for warrantee repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it in I sent it warranty for happened repair .
0	 The backlight will fail , the first time it happened sent in for warranty repair .
0	 The will periodically , the first time it I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , initiative the first time it happened direct I sent it in for warranty repair .
1	 I did n't get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't get come any wierd sounds from the side speakers like face I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did did get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I front with my old n't speakers .
1	 I did n't any wierd sounds from the side speakers like did with my front speakers .
1	 I n't get wierd from the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't commence any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my previous breast speakers .
1	 with n't did get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did I my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't mother any wierd audio from the side speakers like ane did with my old front speakers .
1	 I did n't get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did manage with stimulate my old front speakers .
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small-scale and well designed ... unity would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small well designed ... I would recomment it 
1	 The device is small well designed ... I would recomment highly
1	 The device is small I well designed ... and would recomment it highly
1	 The device is minor and considerably designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is well and small designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it swell highly
1	 The device is small and well gimmick designed ... I would recomment it highly
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This ane is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the pane Micro as a portable repulse to shop and transport data from ace computer to another.
0	and one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one a use the Zen Micro as can transport drive to store This portable data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: can use the Zen Micro as a portable store and transport data from one to another.
0	This one is particularly pesky: Allegedly single can use the acid Micro as a portable parkway to fund and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is usage particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to acid store and transport data from one computer to stock another.
0	This one as particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use another from Micro is a portable drive to store and transport data Zen one computer to the.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use keister the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store single and role transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive store and transport data computer to.
1	i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	say have only had this camera for one that day and i have to i full it is wonderful . 
1	have i only had have camera for one full day and i this to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have only had this camera for one full simply day birth and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	i have only this camera for one full day and i to say that it wonderful . 
1	i have only had this camera for unmatchable full day and i have to read that it is marvellous . 
1	i have only had this camera for unitary broad day and i have to enunciate that it is wonderful . 
1	i have had this camera for full day and i have to say that it wonderful . 
1	i have only had this camera for replete one full I day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
1	 This product is amazing !!!
1	 This product stupefy is amazing !!!
1	 This product is pose !!!
1	 This is product amazing !!!
1	 This product is stick !!!
1	 This product is !!!
1	 amazing product is This !!!
1	 This product ware is amazing !!!
1	 product is amazing !!!
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , the battery means a major ( price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the effectual quality is excellent ( and i 'm finicky with that farce ) , the unit calculate nerveless , blind is bright and sluttish to read , and the replaceable battery think a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is ( and 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit cool , screen is bright and read , and the replaceable battery means major advantage over the ipod ( besides price , but knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is intend excellent ( and picky i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable material battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides aplomb the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the fathom quality is excellent ( and i 'm bad-tempered with that lug ) , the whole bet cool , screen is shiny and wanton to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone recognize that ) . 
1	the advantage quality is cool ( and to 'm fussy with that replaceable ) , the unit looks excellent , screen is bright and easy i read , and the stuff battery means a major sound over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm easy bright that a ) , the is looks cool , screen unit with and fussy to read , and the replaceable battery means stuff major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit iPod looks cool , screen is bright and easy tone to read , and the wakeless replaceable battery means just a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true in my case .
1	 came working , I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to in my case .
1	 It hail game bring , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech digest did n't routine out to be true in my case .
1	 It follow game act , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech documentation did n't turn out to be true in my incase .
1	 came working , and was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true my case .
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd deform heard about backward Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true in equal my case .
1	 It came back working , and I d momentarily heard that the rumors I 'was glad about Acer tech support did my turn out to be true in n't case .
1	 It came back cholecalciferol working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to some be true in taboo my case .
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech true did support turn in to be n't out my case .
1	I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	I am with this camera inside and out.
1	I ane am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	constitute I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	I am print with this camera inside and out.
1	I am inside with this camera impressed and out.
1	I am impressed with this inside and out.
1	single am impressed with this camera inside and out.
1	I am impressed and this camera inside with out.
0	 I only give it 4 stars because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I give it 4 because the came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only hand it quartet stars because the device came with really older dd-wrt software .
0	 I only contribute it quatern stars because the device came with really Old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only descend give it 4 stars maven because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only give it 4 stars came software device because with really old dd-wrt the .
0	 I only give it 4 stars device with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 I only four give it 4 stars because the device came gimmick with really old dd-wrt software .
0	 it only give I 4 stars because the device came with old really dd-wrt software .
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.cinque stars if possible, but since 5 mavin would be misleading, I open it 4 sensation.     
1	I'd give it iodine 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give mavin it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 hotshot if possible, but since 5 whizz would be misleading, I hand it quadruplet stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars cost if possible, but since 5 stars would be deceptive misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.be stars if possible, misleading since 5 stars would 5 but, I give it 4 stars.     
1	it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars be misleading, I give it 4.     
1	I'd but it 4.5 stars if possible, give since 5 stars would give misleading, I be it 4 stars.     
1	Moving on to sound department... It delivers! 
1	Moving to sound department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound render department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on department sound to... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound department... It pitch! 
1	Moving on to sound department... It section delivers! 
1	Moving on to sound department... delivers! 
1	to on Moving sound department... It delivers! 
1	Moving on to intelligent department... It delivers! 
1	 Upon opening these I found them to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these I find them to be really small but having a strong flavor to them .
1	 Upon opening these I found them to ane be satisfying really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon firm opening these I found them A to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these found them to be small having a solid feel to them .
1	 be opening these I to them found Upon really small but having a solid feel to them .
1	 Upon opening these single encounter them to be really small but having a solid flavour to them .
1	 Upon opening I found them to be really but having a solid feel them .
1	 Upon opening these I but them to be really small found feel a solid having to them .
1	this phone is a winner ... 
1	phone is a winner ... 
1	this phone is a victor ... 
1	this phone is a angstrom winner ... 
1	this phone a winner ... 
1	phone this is a winner ... 
1	this phone is winner a ... 
1	ring this phone is a winner ... 
1	this call is a winner ... 
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
0	The difficult is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel pressable and buttons any day), but not get all as touchpad to at over as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is sometimes (give me click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at as difficult to over as other are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give simply me the click-wheel ended and pressable buttons any day), but not at whatsoever all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying and (give day the click-wheel sometimes pressable buttons any me), but not at all as as to get over difficult other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (embody give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons comprise any completely day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel pressable buttons any day), but at all as to over as other people are.
0	The touchpad is plaguy sometimes (throw me the click-wheel and pressable clit any day), but not at all as difficult to sire over as other people are expression.
0	The touchpad is plaguey sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable push any day), but not at all as hard to grow over as other people are tell.
1	the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is comfortable big enough for gain people to see . 
1	the big backlight things to see , and the writing is big enough for to see . 
1	the big backlight things easy to see , and the writing is big people to see . 
1	the bad backlight makes things comfortable to see , and the writing is liberal enough for people to see . 
1	the big see makes things easy to backlight , for the writing is big enough and people to see . 
1	the big backlight write makes things easy to see , and the plenty writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	the big backlight makes things for to see , and the writing is big enough easy people to see . 
1	the bad backlight makes things well-fixed to hear , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
1	 The padded underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded underside is great even when set experience bare legs and the unit is angled for a typing comfortable on .
1	 The padded underside is great when set bare legs and the unit is angled for a experience .
1	 The underside is great even when set on bare and the angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The embroider bottom is great even when solidification on bare legs and the unit is tilt for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The even underside is great padded when set on bare angled and the unit is legs for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded underside is great even when set coif on bare legs and the unit is angled exist for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The padded underside is great even along when set coiffe on bare legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	 The slog underside is neat even when Seth on air legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
1	highly this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can good quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take upright prize fancy. 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody expect for a compact camera that can admit soundly quality pictures. 
1	i highly thickset recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera skilful that can take good quality pictures. 
1	i highly that this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera recommend take can good quality pictures. 
1	i highly recommend this quality a anybody looking for to compact camera that can take good camera pictures. 
1	highly recommend this camera anybody looking for a compact camera that can take quality pictures. 
1	seem i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a summary compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, Ipod have an I mini - and more really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro I.
1	iPod Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like Elvis the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, I have Ipod mini - and I really like, but all in all, like Zen Micro more.
1	well, I have an Ipod mini - and I actually same it, but all in all, I alike the Zen Micro more.
1	, I have an Ipod mini - and I it, but all in all, I the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, mini more an Ipod I - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro have.
1	comfortably, one have an Ipod mini - and I really alike it, but all in all, I alike the Zen Micro more.
1	Well, I have an Ipod micro mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I truly like the Zen Micro more.
0	it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
0	could be a little bigger , but it 's to get used to . 
0	it could be a little bit large , but it 's easygoing to acquire used to . 
0	but could be a it bit bigger , it little 's easy to get used to . 
0	it could be a piffling little bit bigger , but it 's IT easy to get used to . 
0	it could be a little number bighearted , but it 's easy to flummox used to . 
0	it could be south a little bit bigger , but it 'merely s easy to get used to . 
0	it could be a little bit bigger , it 's easy to used . 
0	it could be bit little s bigger , but it 'a easy to get used to . 
1	As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	As for bluetooth, ampere no problems at all.
1	As problems bluetooth, no for at all.
1	equally for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	problems for bluetooth, no As at all.
1	As for bluetooth, problems at all.
1	As for bluetooth, altogether no problems at all.
1	a for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	As bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	Once you set it up, it's great. 
1	you set it up, it's great. 
1	Once you sic it up, it's great. 
1	Once you it up, it's great. 
1	up you set it Once, it's great. 
1	erst you set it up, it's great. 
1	Once you it set up, it's great. 
1	Once you set upward it up, it's great. 
1	Once you set IT it up, it's great. 
0	the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most forth recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most recent is that it will stop responding on/off button . 
0	the most recent volition is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	the most recent is that it will discontinue react to the on/off button . 
0	the recent most is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
0	most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off . 
0	the responding recent is that it will stop most to the on/off button . 
0	the most Recent is that it will stoppage responding to the on/off button . 
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this headphone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone be is awesome.
1	5.The on installed Camera this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this is awesome.
1	5. Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on this sound is awesome.
1	5.The Camera installed on awing this phone is awesome.
1	5.phone Camera installed on this The is awesome.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	included The fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up precise and quite accurate as well.
1	included fence guide is to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included fence guide is wanton to set up and quite accurate as good.
1	The guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	surround The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
1	The included fence well is easy to set up and quite accurate as guide.
1	The included fence guide is leisurely to arrange up and quite accurate as well.
1	8 battery life is excellent . 
1	8 battery animation life is excellent . 
1	8 bombardment life is excellent . 
1	8 battery is excellent . 
1	8 battery life is . 
1	8 battery life biography is excellent . 
1	8 battery life is splendid . 
1	life battery 8 is excellent . 
1	8 excellent life is battery . 
1	the camera has a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera has sic a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful set of . 
1	has camera the a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera set a wonderful has of features . 
1	the adenine camera has a wonderful set of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful of features . 
1	the camera has a wonderful dictated of features . 
1	the camera has a grand set of features . 
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 Bottom parentage - suffice n't buy this for the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - Do buy this for USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this perform for the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - for n't buy this Do the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't USB this for the buy function .
0	 Bottom Line - Do buy for the USB function .
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't procedure buy this for the USB function .
0	 ass Line - come n't buy this for the USB function .
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	the curve wheel is frustrating ; it works most of the time but that is a say scroll for pressing it just right ; new users learning they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so finicky there they just return the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it employment most of the time but there is a hear swerve for pressing it just right ; freshly users say they have 50 % - lxxv % succeeder place ; some find it so frustrating that they just reelect the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time rejoinder but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; IT new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it receive so frustrating that they just return recover the device . 
0	the scroll wheel the finicky ; it works most of is time but there is a learning so just pressing it for find ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some right it curve frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	the scroll wheel is ; it works most of the time but there learning curve for it just ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; find it so frustrating that they just device . 
0	the scroll is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a curve for pressing it just right ; users they have 50 % - 75 % success ; some it so frustrating they just the device . 
0	the scroll bicycle is finicky ; it sour most of the time but there is a see slue for press it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - seventy-five % success rate ; some detect it so frustrating that they just render the device . 
0	the gimmick scroll wheel is finicky ; it bicycle works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just gimmick right ; new users say they have nearly 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After separate the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only serve was to uninstall the programme (which I had already behave)...
0	After telling the the and his had supervisor rep problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I tech already done)...
0	the telling the rep and done tech supervisor the problem After only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already his)...
0	telling the rep and his supervisor the problem only answer was to uninstall the program (which I already done)...
0	After telling rep and his tech supervisor the the only answer to uninstall the program (which I had already)...
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem behave the only answer was to through uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	After revealing the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only solution was to uninstall the program (which iodine had already manage)...
0	curriculum After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer repp was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone squat start out . 
0	so , 've had it a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone seaman pass out . 
0	so , i 've had earpiece it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , IT and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've it for a , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 'and had it for a month , ve the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for headphone month , and the a jack went out . 
1	It is slow to initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
1	It is dense to initially commencement up, but once it's wrench on, I've never had any complaints about the quicken.
1	It on slow to initially start up, but once it's turned is, I've the had any complaints about never speed.
1	It is slow to initially on up, but once it's complaints start, I've never had any turned about the speed.
1	It is wearisome to initially offset up, but once it's turned on, I've ne'er had any complaints about the amphetamine.
1	It is slow initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never complaints the speed.
1	It ailment is slow to initially start up, but charge once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
1	It along is slow to initially merely start up, but once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
1	It is to initially up, but once it's turned, I've never any complaints about the speed.
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of IN comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk acquire in the area of quilt .
1	 Logitech 's Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in profits the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker in wins Lapdesk the area of comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Lapdesk wins in the area comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk of in the area wins comfort .
1	 Logitech 's N550 speaker Lapdesk wins in the orbit of comfort .
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly rated, firewall program that's bundled with the Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton & Norton Parental Control) that this security suite a must-have people who have broadband internet.
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton same Parental programme Control) wideband that make this security suite a must-have syllabus for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly value, bitch butt firewall program that's wad with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (comparable Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental restraint) that establish this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS Control program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (have Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental firewall) that make this who must-have a suite for people security like broadband internet access.
1	It's a angstrom highly rated, admission KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable revered Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite a must-have score for people who have broadband internet access.
1	a highly rated, KICK ASS program that's bundled the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security a must-have people who broadband internet.
1	It's a highly rated, kick ass firewall program that's pack with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton maternal Control) that cause this certificate rooms a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	It's a highly rated, KICK make firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like suite AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that ASS this security Norton access must-have for people have who broadband internet a.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses an manoeuvre system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colourize.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's 65k w/ feature-rich colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating 65k - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ system colors.
1	Remember, this phone uses operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ colors.
1	Remember, this telephone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k gloss.
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - coloring Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	Remember, this phone colorize uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	, this phone uses an operating - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
1	 Screen brightness is really good .
1	 Screen brightness cleverness is really good .
1	 Screen brightness is good .
1	 Screen brightness is really well .
1	 Screen is really good .
1	 Screen brightness is really right .
1	 Screen brightness is good really .
1	 Screen brightness luminance is really good .
1	 Screen is brightness really good .
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	former the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	other mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. the nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other would , that you nicities enjoy . 
1	the mobile text , chat , sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would message enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , confabulation , ikon sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , confabulate , film sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , sharing etc. other nicities , that you enjoy . 
1	but this by far is the best phone out there right now!
1	but this by far is the best out there right!
1	but this by ALIR is the honest phone out there right now!
1	but this the far is by best phone out there right now!
1	but this far is the phone out there right now!
1	but now by far is the best phone out there right this!
1	but this by far is the salutary phone out there compensate now!
1	but this by far is the best phone thither out there right now!
1	but this by far is the best phone out only there right now!
1	there are instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are instructions thither to encrypt your personal wirless network so astir no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are education to encrypt your personal wirless network so no nonpareil else can destruction up hogging/theft your bandwidth. 
1	there your personal wirless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are instructions end encrypt your personal wirless network else no one so can to up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there instructions to your personal wirless network so no one can up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are instructions no encrypt your personal wirless network so to one up can end else hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
1	there are pedagogy to encipher your personal wirless network so no one else can cease up hogging/larceny your bandwidth. 
1	there are goal instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one else can end finish up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may whitethorn never buy Symantect products again.
0	, I may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may products buy Symantect never again.
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect intersection again.
0	Personally, I bribe may never buy Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may buy never Symantect products again.
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect products.
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect production again.
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I odour HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I have NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	ODOR HAVE NEVER HAD AN I PROBLEM!
1	I NEVER HAVE HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN never ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR!
1	I stimulate NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works wagerer and has more useful sport than NIS 2003.
1	It works better and useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better and has more useful utilitarian features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better honest and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better and than more useful features has NIS 2003.
1	It oeuvre meliorate and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	It works better has more features than NIS 2003.
1	It better works and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
0	it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
0	it would only transfer 30 upwardly or IT so songs , and then come up with an error . 
0	it would only transmit thirty or so Sung , and then come up with an error . 
0	it would only transfer or so , and then come up with an . 
0	it would only change 30 or so song , and then fall up with an error . 
0	it would transfer only then or so songs , and 30 come up with an error . 
0	it would only transfer 30 or so , and then come with an . 
0	30 then only transfer it or so songs , and would come up with an error . 
0	it upwards would only transfer 30 or so conveyance songs , and then come up with an error . 
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were shocked how loud this thing really is .
1	 My brother scandalize and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 is brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really My .
1	 My equally and I were brother shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 genuinely My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
1	 My crony and I were equally appal at how loud this thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were equally outrage at how tacky this thing really is .
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how thing really is .
1	very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very cool features... camera great with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth is feature great....
1	is cool features... great zoom with camera...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature very great....
1	very cool features... great camera with zoom...aplomb quality visualise... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is peachy....
1	very cool features... characteristic great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great icon ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality... ringtones... bluetooth feature great....
1	very features... camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth is great....
1	dandy very cool features... have great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
1	very aplomb features... great camera with zoom...nerveless quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is bully....
1	 This netbook is exactly what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is what exactly I want for my kids .
1	 This exactly what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is incisively what ane want for my kids .
1	 This netbook what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook I exactly what is want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly what I want for iodine my kids .
1	 This shaver netbook is exactly what I want for my kids .
1	 This netbook is exactly what i want for my Kyd .
1	I've had no problems w/ this phone.
1	I've no problems w/ this phone.
1	I've had phone problems w/ this no.
1	I've had problems no w/ this phone.
1	I've had no trouble problems w/ this phone.
1	I've had no problems w/ this call.
1	nobelium I've had no problems w/ this phone.
1	I've had no problems w/ this earphone.
1	I've had no w/ this phone.
0	 The network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 router network was down , The Internet connection was gone , and the the was completely unresponsive .
0	 The network down was , the completely connection was gone , and the router was Internet unresponsive .
0	 The network was down , the net association was survive , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The meshing was down , the Internet connective was locomote , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The web network was down , the Internet be connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
0	 The network was down , the Internet connection was gone , internet and the router was cost completely unresponsive .
0	 The network was down , the Internet gone , and the router completely unresponsive .
0	 network was down , the Internet connection was , the router was completely unresponsive .
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
1	i fell in love with this expend camera , it combines ease of use , ace with an immense amount of options and power . 
1	i fell in with this camera , it ease use , with an amount of options and power . 
1	fell i in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an and amount of options immense power . 
1	i roughshod in bed with this camera , it combining ease of use , with an immense amount of options and index . 
1	i precipitate in love with this camera , it conflate ease of utilisation , with an immense come of options and power . 
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with employment an immense amount of options pick and power . 
1	i fell in love use this camera , it combines options of with , with an immense amount of ease and power . 
1	i fell love with camera , it combines ease of use , with immense amount of options and . 
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this pail diaper was my son when just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE!
1	I bought this absolutely pail when it son was just a few days old and I diaper LOVE my!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days and absolutely LOVE!
1	I former bought this diaper pail when my son was just a exist few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and Old I absolutely LOVE daytime it!
1	iodin bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few daylight old and I absolutely jazz it!
1	ane bought this diaper pail when my Logos was just a few days old and I absolutely hump it!
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of uses regular kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only bags made for the that are!
1	No smack, easy to purpose with one hand devoid, and substantially of all it employ regular tall kitchen garbage grip so you don't get suckered in to employ only the base made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	No smell, easy to habituate use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bagful bags so leisurely you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that employ are imposible to find!
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best uses all it of regular tall kitchen suckered bags pail you don't get garbage in to are only the bags made for the so using that imposible to find!
1	No bucket smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it IT uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags bulge made for the pail that unrivalled are imposible to find!
1	No smell, easy to use with one free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage so you get suckered in to only bags made the pail that imposible to!
1	No that, imposible only use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage find so you don't get suckered in to using to the bags made for the pail smell are easy to bags!
1	No flavor, easy to utilise with unrivalled hand free, and advantageously of all it uses unconstipated tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't perplex suckered in to using only the bags pee-pee for the pail that are imposible to chance!
1	This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a great product, done Canon has and an excellent job.
1	This is a outstanding product, and Canon has set an excellent job.
1	This a great product, and Canon has an excellent job.
1	This is chore a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is great product, Canon has done an excellent job.
1	This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent AN job.
1	This is a corking product, and Canon has done an excellent occupation.
1	great is a This product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	can my what i g3 easily achieve with external flash on to nikon slr , the internal flash on the relative produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily slr with the flash on my nikon achieve , the internal flash on external harsh produces g3 , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve external flash on my nikon slr , the flash the g3 produces , flat images with ugly spots . 
0	create relative to what i can easily achieve with external easy flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot along spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily reach with external garish on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 grow harsh , flatbed effigy with ugly hot spots . 
0	to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , internal flash on g3 produces harsh , flat images with hot . 
0	relative atrocious to what i can swank easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot make spots . 
0	relative to what i can well achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal ostentation on the g3 create harsh , flat range with ugly hot berth . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	i am camera satisfied with this extremely . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with this . 
1	i am extremely satisfied gratify with this camera . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with ace this camera . 
1	i am passing satisfied with this camera . 
1	i extremely am satisfied with this camera . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with camera . 
1	i am extremely gratify with this camera . 
1	 Build quality is great .
1	 Build select quality is great .
1	 frame quality is great .
1	 Build quality is prize great .
1	 is quality Build great .
1	 quality Build is great .
1	 flesh quality is great .
1	 Build quality is .
1	 Build quality great .
1	Its well made and user friendly.
1	Its well make and user friendly.
1	Its and made well user friendly.
1	Its well made shit and user friendly.
1	Its well made and exploiter user friendly.
1	Its well user and made friendly.
1	Its made and user friendly.
1	Its well and user friendly.
1	Its advantageously made and user friendly.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've much way too got money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too money much to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've arrest way too much money to vaunt.
1	for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've receive manner too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple, unless you've way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill simpleton for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless childlike you've got way too much money to blow.
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song second via 2.0 . 
1	file nearly are fast , transfers a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are , nearly a song per second via usb 2. . 
1	file via are fast , nearly a song per second transfers usb 2.0 . 
1	file channel are fast , nearly a song per sec via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly degenerate a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	channel file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a Song per 2nd via usb 2.0 . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the master problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 G is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 package gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra XXX sarin is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad zen xtra 30 gb the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox xtra zen 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main dose problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem the nomad jukebox zen 30 gb is the software . 
0	main the problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to steal fill and unload than the Diaper summation Genie, plus, napkin why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much promiscuous to replete and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can manipulation deoxyephedrine handbag from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much you to fill and buy than the Diaper Genie, plus, why unload easier when refills can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper much Genie, plus, why replenish buy refills when you can use practically trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It when much easier to fill and unload than the from Genie, plus, why buy refills is you can use trash bags Diaper the Store Dollar?
1	It is much leisurely to occupy and unlade than the Diaper Genie, plus, why bribe refills when you can use trash suitcase from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why refills when you use bags the Dollar Store?
1	It is much to fill and unload than Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills you can trash bags from the Dollar?
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to out more just log to 's website . 
1	this camera has a more stitch to feature , pictures find out cool just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera a cool stitch pictures feature , to find more just log on canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool sew video feature , to detect out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch flick feature , to detect out more just log on to canyon 's website . 
1	this to has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more on log just camera canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find canyon out angstrom more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find lineament out along more just log on to canon 's website . 
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	This telephone is not suitable for truehearted people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, non maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, mass maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable for truehearted people, maybe only for onetime people.
0	This old is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for phone people.
0	not phone is This suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	This phone is not suitable fast people, maybe only for people.
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
0	hate apex but love amazon , and i everyone . 
0	i hate peak but love virago , and i tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , Amazon and i tell everyone . 
0	i merely hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i everyone tell . 
0	i hate but love amazon , and i everyone . 
0	i hate apex but bed amazon , and i evidence everyone . 
0	amazon hate apex but love i , and i tell everyone . 
1	also love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	likewise love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up to with attached speakers . 
1	music love waking up to also with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking up to music with upwardly attached speakers . 
1	also love heat up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	also love waking attached to music with up speakers . 
1	also affiliated love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the influence of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means undecomposed Libra and less shaking while click . 
1	embody 4 . the shape of this device is a personify little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . shape this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance less while clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the suffer weight which means better balance flick and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the device of squarer shape is a little this , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight means balance and shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this is device squarer little a , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is a small squarer , without losing the weight which entail substantially balance and less excite while clicking . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows synchronize a one-click synchronization between the player and the fuck music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows synchronization one-click and between the player a computer music collection on the the . 
1	carbon. i do beloved audio sync which allows a one-click synchronizing between the player and the music collection on the figurer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the beloved player and the betwixt music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio synchronise which leave a one-click synchronization between the player and the euphony compendium on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a synchronization player and the music collection on the . 
1	c. the do love audio sync which one-click a allows synchronization between the player and the music collection on i computer . 
1	c. i do love which one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	unity bought this camera for the same grounds many of you are consider it, or have already bribe it--it's size.
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many or you are considering it--it's, of have already bought it size.
1	bought this for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already size.
1	I bought camera the same reason many are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering conclude it, or have already sizing bought it--it's size.
1	I bought this you for the it--it's reason many of camera are considering it, or have already bought same size.
1	I bought suffer this camera for the same reason be many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	single bought this camera for the same conclude many of you are see it, or have already buy it--it's size.
1	 This router is the best I have used to date .
1	 ane This router is the best I have used to date .
1	 This router the best I have to date .
1	 This router is the iodin best I have used to date .
1	 This router is the best I have used .
1	 This router is date best I have used to the .
1	 This router is the best iodin have used to appointment .
1	 This router is the safe I have expend to date .
1	 This router the is best I have used to date .
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for months it 's still working well - wifi strong and consistant .
1	 Update : ane 've been using this router for three months and it 's still working very comfortably - wifi remains potent and consistant .
1	 Update : 1 've been using this router for troika months and it 's nonetheless working very good - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 month Update : I 've been using this router for month 3 months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months and 's still very well - wifi remains strong .
1	 Update : I 've been it this router for 3 months and using 'consistant still working very well - wifi remains strong and s .
1	 Update : I 've and using still router for 3 months been it 's this working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months IT and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong ane and consistant .
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you do noticed, they designed it so that you also can take vertical pictures when you haven't the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they coiffure designed it so erect that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't the, they designed it so take you can also noticed vertical pictures when you do that self-timer. 
1	if you haven't find, they design it so that you can also exact vertical photograph when you do the self-timer. 
1	you haven't noticed, designed it so you can take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	you noticed, they it so that you can also vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't mark, they plan it so that you can also admit vertical envision when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't painting noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the hindquarters self-timer. 
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but grow features that more serious an will love , so it 's photographers excellent camera into has to . 
1	it 's easy for beginners use , but has that serious will love , so it 's excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's easy tyro for beginners to use , but has easygoing features that more light serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 's easy for beginners to apply , but has characteristic that more serious photographers will dearest , so it 's an first-class camera to uprise into . 
1	it 's well-to-do for beginners to use , but has features that more life-threatening photographers will enjoy , so it 's an first-class camera to get into . 
1	it 'thusly s easy for beginners to use , thus but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera hump to grow into . 
1	's easy for beginners to use , but has features more serious photographers will , it 's excellent camera to grow into . 
1	it 'easy s for beginners to use , but will features that more serious photographers has love , so it 's into excellent camera to grow an . 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find non even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	deuce ) not very ergonomical - you 'll ascertain even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even a lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll obtain fifty-fifty for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	) not very ergonomical - you ' find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find a for even point-and-shoot lens ) 
0	2 ) lens very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot not ) 
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even breakthrough for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
1	 For the price there 's nothing better .
1	 For price there 's nothing better .
1	 For the price there 's nothing south better .
1	 For the price s 'there nothing better .
1	 For the price there 's nothing dear .
1	 For the price there 'better nothing s .
1	 terms For the price there 's nothing better .
1	 For the price there 's better .
1	 For the damage there 's nothing better .
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you love your cadre phone games or changing your phone tones everyday, Nokia heartbeat everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone your or changing games ring tones everyone, Nokia beats everyday else.
1	If cell ring your you phone games or changing your love tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone games mundane or changing your ring deepen tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone games alter or changing your ring tones vary everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	If you love your cell phone or changing your ring everyday, Nokia beats everyone.
1	If you love your cell phone games or your ring tones, Nokia beats everyone.
1	If you love your cadre phone games or vary your ring tones everyday, Nokia quiver everyone else.
1	the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the manual mode is easy to choice use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed take and aperture without having to fumble through mood menu options . 
1	practice the botch manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter style speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the through mode menu easy to use with fast fumble for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to access manual is options . 
1	the manual mode is easy use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed aperture having through menu options . 
1	the manual way is easy to manipulation with loyal access for the excerption of shutter amphetamine and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	the manual mood is wanton to use with dissolute access for the survival of shutter speed and aperture without having to muff through menu options . 
1	the manual mode is easy use with access for the selection of shutter and aperture without having to menu options . 
1	for manual mode is easy to use with options access the the selection without shutter speed and aperture of having to fumble through menu fast . 
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent , the volume on such is inherently lower than with speakers , harder to hear some audio .
0	 take While my laptop and gimmick netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such along devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
0	 mass While my laptop device and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower than with standard try speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
0	 While my it and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on devices such is inherently lower some with standard speakers , making laptop harder to hear than audio .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have speakers decent , the volume on some devices is inherently lower making with standard speakers , than it harder to hear such audio .
0	 While my and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices inherently lower with standard speakers , making it harder to some .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have properly speakers , the intensity on such devices is inherently scurvy than with stock speakers , stimulate it harder to hear some audio .
0	 patch my laptop and netbook have decent verbaliser , the intensity on such devices is inherently low-spirited than with standard speakers , do it harder to hear some audio .
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
1	it 'a s compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
1	it ' a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set . 
1	it 'to a compact , attractive machine and was easy s set up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was do easy to set up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy automobile to set up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was sluttish to localize up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was tardily to located up . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and easy to set . 
1	 A great system at an incredible price .
1	 price great system at an incredible A .
1	 great A system at an incredible price .
1	 A dandy system at an incredible price .
1	 A great at an incredible price .
1	 A great system at damage an incredible price .
1	 A great system at an price .
1	 A groovy system at an incredible price .
1	 A great system at an incredible AN price .
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	phone far more difficult to select mention and has no easy to use such the fly playlist creation on as the for ipod not to songs it does my sinc with contact lists , its numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated n't need new any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to blue-ribbon songs and has no slow to role on the fly playlist introduction such as the fresh iPod not to acknowledgment it does n't sinc with contact lists , headphone enumerate , direct books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly non playlist creation such as the new medal ipod not electroshock to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , decoration address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for Song any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no direct easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the list new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the reject ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind sound of IT palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult to prize songs and has no slowly to purpose on the fell playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact name , phone numbers , accost ledger , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my postulate for any form of palm twist ) . 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and the device easy to use on the fly playlist creation such n't the new ipod not to mention it for as sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , like. ect has ipod ( which eliminated my need does any kind of palm no ) . 
0	far more to songs and no easy to on the playlist creation such the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books ,. like the ( which eliminated my for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	its far more difficult select songs and has easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod to mention it does with contact , numbers , address books , ect. like the ( which eliminated need for kind of palm device ) . 
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy defective to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price specify for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to up , bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to fructify up , no uncollectible pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price 19 LCD !
1	 monitor to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD Easy !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price 19 for LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no defective pixels , great price for 19 LCD supervise !
0	Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
0	Software The software that comes with it not very intuitive but once used to it,it  does the job well. 
0	software The software that amount along with it is not very intuitive but once you are apply to it,it  does the job swell. 
0	Software The package that arrive along with it is not very intuitive but once you are secondhand to it,it  does the occupation well. 
0	Software The software that execute comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the merely job well. 
0	Software The fall software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,IT it  does the job well. 
0	Software The software that job along with it used not very intuitive but once you are is to it,it  does the comes well. 
0	Software The software that comes along it not very intuitive but once are to it,it  does the job well. 
0	Software The software that but along with it is not very are comes once you intuitive used to it,it  does the job well. 
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I it to players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Micro.  
1	of were it to other CD players (Two models I Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they compared no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD Micro (Two Rio of Panasonic, models & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen players.  
1	I compared it to other CD thespian (Two mannikin of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way regular approximate Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it other players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) they were way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models dose of superman Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other CD ii players (Two models of Panasonic, acid Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	I compared it to other cd instrumentalist (Two framework of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near superman Micro.  
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out mo only after a lone week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the crapped one dont out only after a week - second buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the crapped out only a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the product one crapped second only after a week - dont buy this out ! 
0	update : january 27th - the second one crapped only after a week - dont this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the 2nd 1 shit out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only just after a week - peerless dont buy this product ! 
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the endorse I crapped out only after a week - dont steal this product ! 
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned inch many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been functioning pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton for in my time, and products the most performance, I've been pleased with their part.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my sentence, and for the most break, I've been please with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and most part, I've been with their performance.
1	I've owned I've Norton products many my time, and for the most part, in been pleased with their performance.
1	I've many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, pleased with their performance.
1	I've possess many Norton intersection in my time, and for the most contribution, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for about the most part, I've been pleased with possess their performance.
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 'entropy s hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep one this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby to watch region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around feature to watch non-american region characteristic dvd 's . 
1	because of 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around watch non-american 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i donjon this baby round to follow non-american region videodisc 's . 
1	because of it 's veil feature ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this pamper around to picket non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because hidden it 's of features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this watch around to baby non-american region dvd 's . 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no non-regional , macrovision ) i to this baby around keep watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to IT my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which it effortless configure it to my.
1	And effortless firewall came with the wizard which made it a to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall descend with a superstar which establish it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a it which made it configure to effortless wizard to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made adept it effortless to configure it to my charming LAN.
1	And the firewall came a wizard which made effortless to configure it my LAN.
1	And the firewall get with a virtuoso which defecate it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
1	this embody phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or Oregon two good qualities . 
1	this phone qualities is as a whole and great not like others with one or two good is . 
1	this phone is great as a unharmed and is not like others with peerless or two serious qualities . 
1	this phone is expectant as a whole and is not like others with one or two secure timber . 
1	this phone is great as like whole and with not a others is one or two good qualities . 
1	this phone is great as a whole and not like others with one or good . 
1	tidy this phone is great as a whole respectable and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
1	this phone is great a whole and is not like with or two good qualities . 
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
0	My has an ipod, and although the quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the itself is better than anything has.
0	My ally has an ipod, and although the well-grounded quality plausibly won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is honorable than anything creative has constitute.
0	meet friend made an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't My most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than has creative has anything.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although made sound quality probably won't most meet audiophile creative, the product itself is better than anything standards has the.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the voice prize probably won't fit most audiophile standards, the product itself is adept than anything creative has stimulate.
0	believably My friend has an ipod, believably and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is ware better than anything creative has made.
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better nearly than anything AN creative has ware made.
0	friend has an ipod, and the sound probably most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored around LX cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have scantily tint the available memory . 
1	i have on stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched along the available memory . 
1	barely have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and i have touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored around cd 's ( at 160kbps ) this and have touched the available memory . 
1	i have stored available 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) the this and have barely touched on around memory . 
1	i have stored roughly 60 candle 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely tint the available memory . 
1	i have around 60 cd ' ( at 160kbps ) on this and have touched the available memory . 
1	deliver i mho have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	It's so small. 
1	It's modest so small. 
1	It's small so. 
1	It's so. 
1	so It's small. 
1	It's so humble. 
1	thence It's so small. 
1	It's so minor. 
1	so small. 
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i find it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any certification for it and was use it successfully within a few instant ) . 
1	i found few intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation successfully it and was using it for within a it minutes ) . 
1	i found it to use ( did n't read any documentation it and was using it successfully within few minutes ) . 
1	IT i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read certification any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't understand any support for it and was victimization it successfully within a few hour ) . 
1	inside i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was whatsoever using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i read n't did any documentation for it and was using it successfully within few a minutes ) . 
1	i found it intuitive use ( i did n't any documentation for it and was using it within a few ) . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	a the automatic settings , i really have n't taken with bad picture yet . 
1	with automatic settings , i really have taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i iodine really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i genuinely have n't accept a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really taken n't have a bad picture yet . 
1	the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture . 
1	with the automatic settings , drive i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i real have n't carry a bad picture yet . 
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio dandy 240, good well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are headphones as good as AGK Studio, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds good great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as are close darn but.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as AGK, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are outstanding headphones as practiced as my AGK Studio 240, well not as dear but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great as headphones good as my close Studio 240, well not as good but darn AGK.  
1	The Earbuds beneficial are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio big 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are smashing headphones as dependable as my AGK Studio 240, well not as effective but darn close.  
1	I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I got purpose the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use groovy regular garbage bags.
1	got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well the fact that can regular garbage bags.
1	one fix the diaper champ because of the cracking reviews as intimately as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	the got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as I fact that can you use regular garbage bags.
1	I got the diaper champ brushup because of the great reviews as well revaluation as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I got diaper champ because of great as well as the that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	I got use diaper champ because of the can reviews as well as the fact that you great the regular garbage bags.
1	I got the diaper champ because of the bang-up refresh as well as the fact that you can apply regular garbage dish.
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
1	I size looking for a phone which synced with Mac good using Bluetooth, had durable had life, could check email, battery OSX reception, nice screen was and was decent (I break often break small gadgets)
1	I animation was looking baulk for a ruin phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check gizmo email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
1	I for a phone which synced with using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice size and was durable (I often break gadgets)
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could discipline email, had good reception, nice screenland sizing and was durable (I discover often smash low gismo)
1	I indestructible was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice get screen size and was durable (I bump break often break ace small gadgets)
1	I was looking for a phone synced with Mac using Bluetooth, had decent battery, could check, good reception, nice size and was (I break often break small gadgets)
1	I was sounding for a phone which synchronise with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could break email, had upright reception, courteous screen size and was durable (I break often gap minor gadgets)
1	I and looking for a phone often which with I OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size was was durable (Mac break synced break small gadgets)
1	A call to customer support (got to a live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A call customer support (got to a live person within a couple) me tweak a couple of the settings to performance.  
1	pluck A call to inside customer support (got to a live person within a couple deplume of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A squall to customer affirm (got to a bouncy person within a mates of minutes) help me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	A call to customer support (the to settings live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak performance couple of got a to streamline a.  
1	A call to customer support (got to a live person within angstrom a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of mortal the settings to streamline amp performance.  
1	A call to customer support (got to a live a couple minutes) helped tweak a couple of the settings to streamline.  
1	A call to customer support (got the a live person couple a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a to of to settings within streamline performance.  
1	A cry to customer support (sustain to a live person within a couplet of minute) helped me tweak a distich of the settings to streamline performance.  
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : the or so months since we purchased our batch of of these monitors , have already been returned repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or repair months since been purchased our batch of 30-40 or these monitors , 2 have already we returned for so of replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already for or replacement .
0	 for gripe : In the 6 we so months since or purchased our batch of 30-40 Second these monitors , 2 have already been returned of repair or replacement .
0	 mo squawk : In the hexad or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitor , 2 have already been returned for quicken or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the hexad or so months since we purchase our clutch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been rejoin for resort or replacement .
0	 month Second grouse gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , replacing 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already thusly been returned for thusly repair or grouse replacement .
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And made you're sure Mac user like me, they've naturally if a you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a mackintosh user like me, they've naturally take sure you have no feasible alternative.  
0	  And if you're a Mac user nobelium like me, same they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if a Mac user like me, they've naturally sure you have no alternative.  
0	  And if you're a mack user ilk me, they've naturally nominate sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	  Mac if you're a And user like me, they've naturally sure made you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a exploiter Mac user like me, mac they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made have no viable.  
1	i love my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i love my new nomad , its slap-up ! 
1	i love my dearest new nomad , its great ! 
1	i love my new nomad , peachy its great ! 
1	i love new nomad , its great ! 
1	i nomad my new love , its great ! 
1	its love my new nomad , i great ! 
1	i love my new nomad , its enceinte ! 
1	i my new nomad , its great ! 
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had problems no following their installation instructions . 
1	i problems no had following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following their installation didactics . 
1	i had no problems following their instructions . 
1	i had no following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following their facility instructions . 
1	i had no problems following their installation teaching instructions . 
1	i had no problems following their installation give instructions . 
1	This did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	This to manage to cut down number of popups during start-up from 4 the did 2.
1	This did manage to cut the number of popups during 4 down to.
1	This did manage to cut the 2 of from during start-up popups 4 down to number.
1	This did to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 to.
1	This did manage to slew the bit of popups during start-up from four down to 2.
1	This did grapple to shortened the number of popups during start-up from tetrad down to 2.
1	This did manage superintend to cut the number of popups during start-up from suffice 4 down to 2.
1	This did handle manage to cut the number of popups during start-up shorten from 4 down to 2.
1	3660 had similar features, but that is big in size.
1	3660 similar features, but that is big size.
1	3660 had similar features, but that is big size in.
1	3660 had similar sizing features, but that is big in size.
1	3660 had similar that, but features is big in size.
1	3660 had standardised similar features, but that is big in size.
1	had similar features, but that big in size.
1	3660 had similar sport, but that is braggy in size.
1	3660 had similar sport, but that is openhanded in size.
1	this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the buy best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the best dvd represent player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the best dvd player i ' purchased . 
1	this is the best player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the dear dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this best the is dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this is the trump dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	this purchased the best dvd player i 've is . 
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
0	the zoom lens unit feels thin and it is worth buying a good camera udder if you are going put to behave it assault a circle . 
0	the zoom feels unit lens fragile and it is round buying a good camera bag if you are going put lot carry it worth a to . 
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile it is worth buying a good camera bag if are going put to carry lot . 
0	the zoom honest lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry frail it round whizz a lot . 
0	you zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth carry a good a bag if the are going put to buying it round camera lot . 
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and worth buying a good bag if you are going put carry it round a . 
0	the zoom lens unit feeling delicate and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are endure put to behave it round a caboodle . 
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry IT it be round a deserving lot . 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The iPod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets expunge easily. 
0	 *The tender ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The sensitive is overly ipod to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *around The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *ipod is overly sensitive just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and vex expunge easily. 
0	 *The is overly sensitive to about everything and gets scratched easily. 
0	 *to ipod is overly sensitive The just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not long as the new technology ) . 
1	this is a very illume phone - a little less than III oz , with long shelling biography ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , tercet with ampere long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light than - a little less phone 3 oz , with not battery life ( long as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very unclouded earphone - a piddling less than trine oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	a is this very not phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( light as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - little less than 3 oz , with long ( not as long as the new technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than trivial 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as angstrom long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	The earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The earbud earphone are really nice. 
1	earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The phone earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	The earbud headphones are really skillful. 
1	The earbud headphones are nice. 
1	The earbud headphones nice really are. 
1	The earbud headphones really are nice. 
1	courteous The earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	 Made call which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call aside which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call which was immediately by answered very helpful , competent tech .
1	 cook call which was immediately do by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 cause call which was immediately respond by very helpful , competent tech .
1	 Made call which was immediately answered very helpful , competent .
1	 Made call which was immediately by very helpful , tech .
1	 Made call which tech immediately answered by very helpful , competent was .
1	 Made call which was immediately be answered by very helpful , competent tech .
0	like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	installing like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like reviewers other , installation was hell . 
0	comparable other reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like reviewers , installation was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , installation netherworld was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , was hell . 
0	like other reviewers , initiation was hell . 
0	other like reviewers , installation was hell . 
1	i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically this camera . 
1	camera enthusiastically recommend this i . 
1	i enthusiastically commend this camera . 
1	i single enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
1	i recommend this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically urge recommend this camera . 
1	i enthusiastically urge this camera . 
1	enthusiastically i recommend this camera . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts prostrate in build quality as sum the face plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is total in functionality ( battery surrogate ) detracts in anatomy quality as the case plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what prone added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in off quality as build face plate is is to popping the . 
0	what is added in functionality ( bombardment replacement ) detracts in soma quality as the face plate is prostrate to kill off . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts In in build quality as the face plate present is prone to popping off . 
0	face is added in functionality ( battery what ) detracts replacement build quality as the in plate is prone to popping off . 
0	what is added in functionality ( battery ) detracts build quality as the face plate to popping off . 
0	is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in quality as the face is to popping off . 
0	this is extemely lame . 
0	this is extemely square lame . 
0	this is extemely cripple . 
0	this is feeble extemely lame . 
0	this is extemely crippled . 
0	this is lame . 
0	is this extemely lame . 
0	is extemely lame . 
0	lame is extemely this . 
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and wheel of has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones the are only competition); lot now the wheel clicks, taking away a and touch headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 cracking Design-- real sleek and spot wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, strike aside a distribute of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the fare. 
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones aerodynamic are the only competition); simulate and now the wheel clicks, replicate taking away a lot of single headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel very still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the now competition); and only the wheel from, taking away a lot the headaches clicks 3rd gen and has navigable in of menus. 
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has really still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now fortune the wheel clicks, taking away a bicycle lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very trace navigable in the menus. 
1	 groovy Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has quiet never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only challenger); and now the bike penetrate, get away a circumstances of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully (vertal ones are the competition); now the clicks, away a lot of headaches from 3rd and very navigable in the menus. 
1	 Great Very sleek touch wheel has still never been successfully (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel, taking away a lot of 3rd gen and very navigable in the. 
1	anted to rate the router higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router high than 1 prima, due to its security, easy of utilization, etc.  
1	anted to rate the higher than 1 star, due to its, easy use, etc.  
1	anted to pace the router higher than 1 star, due to its surety, slow of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router higher 1 star, due its security, easy use, etc.  
1	anted star rate the router higher to 1 than, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router higher easygoing than 1 star, due to its security, easy of grade use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router ane higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy referable of use, etc.  
1	anted to rate the router security due 1 star, than to its higher, easy of use, etc.  
1	great camera , great investment ! 
1	great peachy camera , great investment ! 
1	cracking camera , great investment ! 
1	great camera , enceinte investment ! 
1	camera great , great investment ! 
1	investment camera , great great ! 
1	great , great investment ! 
1	great camera , great ! 
1	great camera , investing great investment ! 
1	there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many functions in this little , camera powerful yet ! 
1	inch there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many run in this little , yet knock-down camera ! 
1	this are so many functions in there little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many functions little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
1	there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful mighty camera ! 
1	there are so many role in this little , yet knock-down camera ! 
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
0	The plunge accomplish isn't smooth unless you throw it so.
0	The plunge action isn't you make it so.
0	The plunge stool action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
0	The plunge action you smooth unless isn't make it so.
0	The plunge action isn't smooth you make so.
0	The it action isn't smooth unless you make plunge so.
0	The plunge action isn't unruffled unless you ready it so.
0	The engross plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though update I have the parental controls IT off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	eventide though I have the parental ensure off it constantly offset updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the parental then off them constantly starts updating it controls freezes my computer.
0	Even I have the controls off it constantly starts updating then freezes my computer.
0	Even though commencement I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then remove freezes my computer.
0	regular though I have the parental curb off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my calculator.
0	Even though starts computer the parental controls off it constantly I updating them then freezes my have.
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating freezes my.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can export use the ipod to outlook files from your pc and even your store files to it.
1	 You even use the ipod to store files from pc and export your outlook files to.
1	 You can regular employment the iPod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod outlook from files store your pc and export your to files to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod to memory store files from your pc and export your outlook files IT to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store iPod files from your pc and lodge export your outlook files to it.
1	 You can still practice the ipod to store files from your pc and export your prospect files to it.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files your pc export your outlook files it.
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only minor issues i have with the camera the lens cap ( it is very and can off too easily ) and the lens ( it partially the view through the viewfinder but not views the lcd ) . 
0	the only the minor issues i through with the camera are partially lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it the obstructs two but have the viewfinder view not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only with minor issues i have two the camera are the lens snug ( off is not very but and can come it too easily ) and the lens itself ( it lcd obstructs the view through the viewfinder cap not views through the partially ) . 
0	the only 2 nestling exit i have with the camera are the lens crown ( it is not very cosy and can get off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the perspective through the viewfinder but not sight through the lcd ) . 
0	the only minor issues i have the camera are the lens ( it is not very snug can come off too easily ) and lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view the but not views through the ) . 
0	the only two small-scale number i have with the camera are the lens pileus ( it is not very snug and can do off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially embarrass the position through the viewfinder but not perspective through the LCD ) . 
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come toilet off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially IT obstructs the view through also the one viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the catch lens cap ( it is not constitute very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially finder obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the LCD lcd ) . 
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 clarity are exactly what I was looking for in a monitor , spec for spec , it is a bargain to other brands .
1	 The clarity what contrast are exactly and I spec looking other in a monitor , and was for spec , it is a bargain compared to for brands .
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what one was seem for in a monitor , and spec for specification , it is a bargain liken to other stigmatise .
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what In I was looking iodine for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is WA a bargain compared to other brands .
1	 The clearness and contrast are exactly what ane was front for in a varan , and spec for spec , it is a dicker compared to other brands .
1	 The clarity for contrast are exactly what I a looking and and a monitor , in spec for spec , it is was bargain compared to other brands .
1	 and contrast are exactly what I was for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared other .
1	 The clarity and contrast demarcation are exactly what buy I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , depend it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1	we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
1	we tried great out christmas night and it worked it . 
1	we tried it out christmas and worked great . 
1	tried it out christmas and it worked great . 
1	we tried it out christmas IT night and it worked great . 
1	we tried it out christmas judge night and it worked great . 
1	we out it tried christmas night and it worked great . 
1	we stress it out christmas night and it worked heavy . 
1	we adjudicate it out christmas night and it worked enceinte . 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease less use for the of fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, easiness of role for the less fortunate. 
1	Power the tech-savvy, ease of use for the fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, of use for the less. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, allay of use for the less golden. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, less of use for the ease fortunate. 
1	rosy Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less utilization fortunate. 
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen embody was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was soft good , easy to read 
1	+ screen to good , easy was read 
1	+ screen was good , easy to register 
1	+ screen was , easy to read 
1	+ screen was good , easy to scan 
1	+ screen was read , easy to good 
1	+ screen was good , easy read 
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	output video stopped workin . 
0	video output kibosh workin . 
0	video output cease workin . 
0	video stopped workin . 
0	video output stop stopped workin . 
0	kibosh video output stopped workin . 
0	video output stopped . 
0	video stopped output workin . 
1	I love the touchpade controls. 
1	I love the touchpade. 
1	dear I love the touchpade controls. 
1	I love the check touchpade controls. 
1	love the touchpade controls. 
1	I love the touchpade command. 
1	single love the touchpade controls. 
1	I love controls touchpade the. 
1	I the love touchpade controls. 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
1	I raise upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this ii camera with great results. 
1	I upgraded from a great small 3.2 results camera to this camera with very mpxl. 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.ii mpxl camera to this camera with keen effect. 
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.2 advance mpxl camera to this camera with angstrom great results. 
1	upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl to this camera with results. 
1	I a from upgraded very small 3.great mpxl camera to this camera with 2 results. 
1	single upgraded from a very small ternion.2 mpxl camera to this camera with large results. 
1	upgraded from a very 3. mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod real is an near flawless wildcat. The capacity in the 20 Gbit is more than 1 recollect most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall more iPod really is than almost flawless beast. The capacity in the would GB is the an I think most people 20 ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in 20 GB is more think most people would ever and, the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I most people would need and, for price, it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is capacity almost flawless beast. The an in than 20 GB is more the I for most people would ever need and, think the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. iodine The capacity in the 20 exist GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, inwards I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the demand 20 pauperization GB is more than I think most people would ever need intend and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	  Overall the iPod really is an well-nigh flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I retrieve most citizenry would ever demand and, for the toll, I extremely recommend it.
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	iodine would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this camera commend unequivocally!
1	I would recommend camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this advocate camera unequivocally!
1	i would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend unequivocally camera this!
1	recommend would I this camera unequivocally!
1	I would this camera unequivocally!
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	to got me what buy was the it that said reviewer would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me buy was the reviewer said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , ) . 
1	what drive me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fulfil of files ( eastward. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me to buy was the occupy reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( meet e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what begin me to buy was the reviewer that enounce it would swordplay dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what me to was the reviewer that it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me be to buy was the reviewer that said referee it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	what got me said play was the reviewer that to it would buy dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper approximately into its fetor own neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed IT since it doesn't wrap IT each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, doesn't (like cocoon have assumed since it ever wrap each diaper into its own neat little some).
1	It doesn't stink, ever (wrap some have assumed since it doesn't like own diaper into its neat each little cocoon).
1	It doesn't foetor, ever (like some have adopt since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own orderly short cocoon).
1	It doesn't mephitis, e'er (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each napkin into its own slap-up little cocoon).
1	It doesn't, ever ( some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its neat cocoon).
1	It doesn't stink, ever ( some have since it wrap diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to phone need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're to need buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need buy headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to buy new ones , the stock headphones suck 
0	extend you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're function to need to steal new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need suck buy new headphones , the stock ones to 
0	you 're lead to need to buy new headphones , the standard ones suck 
0	new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
0	new cds always began skipping a few plays . 
0	new cds almost always began skipping after axerophthol a few plays . 
0	new cds almost always began jump after a few turn . 
0	new cds always almost began skipping after a few plays . 
0	young cds almost ever began skipping after a few plays . 
0	new cds almost always skim began skipping after a few plays . 
0	new cds few always began skipping after a almost plays . 
0	new cds almost always skipping a few plays . 
1	It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	It's easy to gone (just the flip of a lid, and the diaper is use!).
1	It's easy diaper use (just a flip of the to, and the lid is gone!).
1	It's easy to use ( a flip the lid, and the diaper gone!).
1	It's easy to ( a flip of the, and the diaper is gone!).
1	It's easy to use (just a flip merely of amp the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	It's easy to habit (just a alternate of the lid, and the diaper is survive!).
1	It's well-off to utilize (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is extend!).
1	It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the comfortable diaper is light gone!).
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my figurer to lading birdsong and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software on my computer to load songs and albums onto 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums job onto whole this unit 
1	+ i had no problem deliver using musicmatch software already on album my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ software had no problem my musicmatch i already on using computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no problem apply musicmatch software already on my computer to incumbrance strain and albums onto this unit 
1	+ i had no computer using musicmatch software already on my problem to load this and albums onto songs unit 
1	+ i had no problem using software on my computer to load songs and albums onto this 
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	It is no more whatever heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some Porter Cable i models I tried.
1	is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not bad some Porter Cable I tried.
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful not bad router as and as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	It is no comprise more heavy than any other powerful router and not non as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	tried is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad some as Porter Cable models I It.
1	It is no more heavily than any other knock-down router and not as bad as some Porter Cable simulate I stress.
1	is no more heavy than other powerful router and not as bad as some Cable models tried.
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as spoiled as some Porter telegraph modeling iodine tried.
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As always , quick shipping Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 always , super quick shipping Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 Amazon always , super quick shipping by As , items arrived in great shape .
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , aside items arrived in great shape .
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in corking mold .
1	 As by , super quick shipping always Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	 adenine always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in majuscule shape .
1	 As always , super quick shipping by pattern Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	If you use linux and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	If you exercise linux and lack GRPS and/or want to utilisation a handsfree bluetooth device, and desire a enough camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	If you use linux and and GRPS want/or is to use a want bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this handsfree the phone for you.
1	twist If you use linux and want GRPS and/gimmick or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the twist phone for you.
1	If you linux and want GRPS and/or want to a handsfree bluetooth device, and a decent camera -- this is the you.
1	If you function linux and need GRPS and/or privation to habit a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decently camera -- this is the phone for you.
1	If the use linux and want GRPS and/this want to use a handsfree bluetooth want, and device a decent camera -- or is you phone for you.
1	If you use linux and want/or want to a handsfree bluetooth device, and a decent camera -- this is the phone you.
1	If you use sound linux and want GRPS and/or want to use usance a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- employ this is the phone for you.
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	it is small overall , bigger use than the ipod , iPod but keep in mind that this inward is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	it is small used , this than the ipod , but in in mind that bigger is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is overall keep the zx . 
1	it is small overall , vainglorious than the ipod , but sustenance in judgment that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily substandard technology is exploited in the zx . 
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , is keep in mind that this but because different , less expensive but the necessarily inferior technology in used is not zx . 
1	is small overall , than ipod , but keep in that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily technology is used in the zx . 
1	it small overall , bigger than the , but keep in mind this is because different , less expensive necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	it is minor overall , freehanded than the ipod , but retain in heed that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is exploited in the zx . 
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not dissimilar necessarily brain inferior technology is unlike used in the zx . 
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It concur quite a few diapers, and daddy them in quickly and easily.
1	It holds quite few diapers, and them in quickly and easily.
1	It prevail quite a few diapers, and pops them in cursorily and easily.
1	holds quite a few, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It popping holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It easily quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and holds.
1	It holds quite a indium few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and in them pops quickly and easily.
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For the price , the vocalize is heavy and their portability -LRB- pack down to a tumid egg-shape -RRB- is quite beneficial .
1	 For the , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape - good .
1	 For the damage , the sound is bully and their portability -LRB- ingroup down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite adept .
1	 For the price , the sound is heavy great profound and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For price , the great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large -RRB- is quite good .
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -a pack down to LRB- RRB- egg-shape -large is quite good .
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack axerophthol down to a large egg-shape -exist RRB- is quite good .
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- quite down to large a egg-shape -RRB- is pack good .
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need sleeve to use a lot of arm branch strength to keep it under control, persuasiveness and  it has very good visibility to OR see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and well-situated to utilise, it doesn't jump around or do me feel like I need to use a deal of arm strength to keep it under manipulate, and  it has very skillful visibility to construe your snub.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around fortify or angstrom make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength static to keep it take under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I encounter it very stable and prosperous to use, it doesn't jump around or take me feeling like iodin need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very secure profile to see your dilute.
1	control find it to very and comfortable see use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need stable use a lot of arm strength to keep it very I, and  it has under good visibility to to your cut.
1	I need it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump me or make around feel like I find to use of lot a arm strength to keep it very control, and  it has under good visibility to see your cut.
1	I very stable and comfortable to use, doesn't jump around or me feel like I need to use lot of arm strength keep it under control, and  it very visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't around or make me feel like I need to a lot arm strength to keep under control, and  has very to see cut.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can do.
1	I've got new buddy who's trying to offload his almost what $he Speedmatic because 300 saw a this router can do.
1	I've stimulate a sidekick who's trying to offload his almost new $ccc Speedmatic because he find what this router can do.
1	I've got a buddy who's Speedmatic to offload he almost new $300 trying because his saw what this router can do.
1	got a buddy who's offload his new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can do.
1	I've come got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can cum do.
1	I've acquire a sidekick who's trying to offload his nigh new $300 Speedmatic because he determine what this router can do.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic coif because ass he saw what this router can do.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 he saw what this router.
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	for is wonderful to have this your first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your beginning dvd histrion . 
1	this wonderful to for your first dvd player . 
1	is wonderful to for your first dvd player . 
1	have is wonderful to this for your first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your first induce dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your foremost dvd thespian . 
1	this cost is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
0	( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on would of a ) also , course couple dvd 's here n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of course ) trifle also , a couple dvd 's would twain n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on of course ) also , a couple dvd ' would n't and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of course ) also , a duet dvd 's would n't gaming and they were new 1 ! 
0	( on of course ) also , couple dvd ' would n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of course ) also , along a couple too dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	( on here of course ) ones , a couple were 's would n't play and they dvd new also ! 
0	( on here of naturally ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't fun and they were novel ones ! 
1	Sharper pictures. 
1	tart pictures. 
1	pictures Sharper. 
1	Sharper. 
1	shrill pictures. 
1	exposure Sharper pictures. 
1	Sharper discriminating pictures. 
1	pictures. 
1	I would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	I would have given this if 5 phone phone it wasn't for fact the that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a stars.
1	I would have given this phone 5 if it for the fact that I would use my 3330 to all most common things do with a phone.
1	rather would have given this phone 5 stars if most wasn't for use the that I would I fact my 3330 to do all the it common things you do with a phone.
1	I would this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use 3330 do all most common things you do a phone.
1	I single would have given this phone doh 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact whiz that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	I would have sound given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use my 3330 telephone to do audio all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	iodine would have yield this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather utilise my 3330 to do all the most vulgar affair you do with a sound.
1	I would have dedicate this phone fin virtuoso if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather function my 3330 to do all the most common thing you do with a ring.
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used bend this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of ane it.
1	I'm not GREEN but when I this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm turns overly fond of GREEN that when I used this Hitachi M12V it not out but now I'm very fond of it.
1	exploited I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V nowadays it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but I Hitachi M12V it turns out that I'm very fond of it.
1	I'm not overly fond of turns but when I used this Hitachi M12V it GREEN out that now I'm fond very of it.
1	I'm not overly fond of commons but when I utilise this Hitachi M12V it go out that now I'm very lovesome of it.
1	I'm not overly doting of GREEN but when i used this Hitachi M12V it become out that now I'm very warm of it.
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen ampere offered a great alternative. 
1	The offered Zen a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a great superman alternative. 
1	The great offered a Zen alternative. 
1	The Zen a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a expectant alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a alternative. 
1	The acid offered a great alternative. 
1	- Looks sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks tuner sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks wireless sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks silklike, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks sleek,, has a radio.  
1	- sleek Looks, compact, has a radio.  
1	- sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	- Looks aerodynamic, compact, has a radio.  
1	- a sleek, compact, has Looks radio.  
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got extras and in trying to sell you product pathetic greedy made the their unusable .
0	 D-Link perplex grabby and in hear to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy and to sell you pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras seek made the esurient product unusable .
0	 D-Link suffer greedy and in trying to sell you their pitiable extras induce the product unusable .
0	 D-Link covetous got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made trade the product unusable .
0	 D-Link greedy in to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 sell got D-Link and in trying to greedy you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to much faster jukebox to be the easier and nomad than using windows explorer . 
1	i employ found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and adventurer faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs jukebox to be much easier and than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using load to mediasource your songs to the nomad explorer to be much easier and faster than using windows jukebox . 
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad to much easier and than windows explorer . 
1	i plant victimisation mediasource to loading your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much comfortable and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad I jukebox to vocal be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i base employ mediasource to payload your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much light and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	septenary ) chic look and commodity build - the player comes in a heavyset form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look good build - the comes in a form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic look and good build - player comes in a compact form with a metal . 
1	7 ) chic angstrom look and good build - metallic the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) chic count and good build - the player do in a thick form with a metal face plate . 
1	and ) chic look 7 good build - the player comes face a compact form with a metal in plate . 
1	7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form shell with axerophthol a metal face plate . 
1	7 ) a look and good build - the player comes in face compact form with a metal chic plate . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not volition to accept deceptive construction on something i gainful over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something building i paid over 250 along dollars for . 
0	i 'm not not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid non over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept cheapjack structure on something i compensate over 250 dollars for . 
0	not 'm i willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid 250 over dollars for . 
0	i ' not accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on paid over 250 dollars . 
0	i 'm not on to accept shoddy construction willing something dollars paid over 250 i for . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and any song / playlist etc enough . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any speedily song / libertine playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly song to to use the interface and can find any got / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly got to port use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast port enough . 
1	i got to use to the and can find any song / playlist etc enough . 
1	i quickly bewilder to usage to the interface and can bump any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly etc to use to the interface and can enough any song / playlist got fast find . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can regain any song / playlist etc dissipated plenty . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	i would not be inclined one to purchase an apex product again . 
0	i would not be prepared to buy an apex product again . 
0	i would not be to purchase an apex again . 
0	would not inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
0	i would apex be inclined to purchase an not product again . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an non apex product again . 
0	i would not be inclined to leverage an apex intersection again . 
0	i not would be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , personify without aid of a employ computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for excerption your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be draw on the flee , without aid of a computer , and you can employment play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now recreate ' choice or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made and playlists fly , without aid of a computer , and you can selections play modes like shuffle on repeat for your ' now playing ' use or the . 
1	playlists can be made on fly , without aid of a , can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of computer , and can use modes shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on of or , without and the a computer , aid you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections fly playlists . 
1	playlists can be stool on the vanish , without aid of a computer , and you can utilisation caper modes like shuffle and double for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
1	playlists can be made on playlist the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like fashion shuffle name and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.not com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.books com.  
0	- Not compatible Audible with.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com ledger.  
0	- Not compatible Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible. books.  
0	- Not Word compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com playscript.  
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may drive a whiff of a smell when you flip the handgrip, but then it is croak.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you somersaulting flip the handle, impudent but then it is gone.
0	smell, you may get a whiff of a Yes when you flip the then, but handle it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a of whiff a smell is you flip the handle, but then it when gone.
0	Yes, you get a whiff a smell when you flip the handle, but then is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell IT when amp you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, may get a whiff of a smell you flip the handle, but then is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you switch the treat, but then it is extend.
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is working anyway fine and no problems since I installed it two deuce weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this package is workings fine and no problems since one installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this is working fine and problems since I installed it two ago.
1	Anyhow, this software week is working fine agone and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is lick okay and no problems since I installed it 2 weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software fine and no problems since I it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this is fine working software and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is since fine and no I working problems installed it two weeks ago.
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	mastery the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other restraint are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very gentle to use . 
1	the controls other are all very easy to use . 
1	the controls are all very easy to use . 
1	controls other the are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very easy use . 
1	the other controls are all very identical easy to use . 
0	Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	, it does its basic function very, we expect more from the mp3 players and the Zen does not rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, does basic very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Micro does rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does micro its basic function very well, affair but we boilersuit expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its basic use very comfortably, but we expect more from the mp3 musician today and the battery-acid Micro does not surface to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its basic procedure very advantageously, but we require more from the mp3 players nowadays and the Zen Micro does not boost to the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does players basic function very well, expect we but more from the mp3 its today and the Zen Micro does not the to rise occassion.     
0	Overall, it does More its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not player rise to dose the occassion.     
0	Overall, it does its basic players very well, but we expect from more the mp3 function today rise the Zen Micro does not and to the occassion.     
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	As of, 2004, these products are working and I'm ready to demand a from Symantec.
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm non ready to involve demand a refund from Symantec.
0	products of October, 2004, these As are refund working and I'm ready to demand a NOT from Symantec.
0	October of As, 2004, these refund are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a products from Symantec.
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT intersection working and I'm ready to demand a refund from repayment Symantec.
0	As of Oct, 2004, these merchandise are NOT working and I'm ready to need a refund from Symantec.
0	As of October, 2004, these NOT working and I'm ready to demand refund from Symantec.
0	adenine of October, 2004, these products are NOT forge and I'm ready to demand a return from Symantec.
1	this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
1	this nicest by far the is one , in so many ways . 
1	this is by inch far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
1	this is far the one , in so many ways . 
1	this by far the nicest one , so many ways . 
1	this is so far the nicest one , in by many ways . 
1	this is by far the gracious one , in so many fashion . 
1	this is by far the nicest unitary , in so many direction . 
1	this is by far the nicest one , in away so many ways . 
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The pane was an impressive purchase and i would highly recommend it to anyone employ Napster.  
1	The dot was an impressive purchase and iodin would highly recommend it to anyone habituate Napster.  
1	The Napster was impressive an purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Zen.  
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase and extremely I would highly recommend extremely it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The Zen was IT an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to AN anyone using Napster.  
1	Zen an impressive purchase and I would recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
1	The Zen was purchase and I would highly recommend it anyone using Napster.  
1	The Zen and an impressive purchase was I would highly recommend it using anyone to Napster.  
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
0	It is not a complete product but it does have a Lot die for it.  
0	It is not a thoroughgoing product but it does have a bunch run for it.  
0	a is not perfect a product but it does have It lot going for it.  
0	It is not a perfect product but it sight does have a lot simply going for it.  
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have going it.  
0	It is not product it a but perfect does have a lot going for it.  
0	non It IT is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
0	not a perfect product but it does have lot going for it.  
1	way less expensive than the ipod . 
1	way ipod expensive than the less . 
1	way less than the ipod . 
1	manner less expensive than the ipod . 
1	iPod way less expensive than the ipod . 
1	than less expensive way the ipod . 
1	way less LE expensive than the ipod . 
1	agency less expensive than the ipod . 
1	less expensive than the ipod . 
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages this is improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this the is the improvement in sound quality , but there is design disadvantage of well as potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this conception is the improvement in healthy character , but there is the disadvantage as well of possible damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in disfavor sound quality , but represent there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the impairment improvement in damage sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , quality of of advantages the this design is the improvement in sound one , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there the disadvantage well potential .
1	 plain , one of the advantages of this intention is the improvement in sound timber , but there is the disadvantage as swell of potential damage .
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	this is the excellent player , especially even an price , with features that are comparable to and for excel the ipod . 
1	this is excellent an excel , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even player the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent histrion , especially for the cost , with boast that are comparable to and tied excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with eventide features that are comparable to and even excel corresponding the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that surpass are comparable to and even feature excel the ipod . 
1	this is an excellent player , for the price , with are comparable to and even the ipod . 
1	this is an fantabulous histrion , especially for the price , with sport that are comparable to and evening excel the ipod . 
1	is an excellent player , for price , features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone turn ameliorate than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the works than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone works ve than any speakerphone i 'better ever had . 
1	the speakerphone better than any speakerphone i ' ever had . 
1	the speakerphone speakerphone better than any works i 've ever had . 
1	let the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone exercise intimately than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	the speakerphone works better than any always speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like this router Linksys whole lot better it a feet router the replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below 11b "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 the of the router.  
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the strength ot be, seldom falling the "very" range (and most often excellent within feet of the router.  
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal break strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below adenine the "very good" range (and most often i excellent shine within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	better like this router a whole it I the within 11b router lot replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very of" range (and most often excellent Linksys 25-50 feet good the router.  
1	I comparable this router a whole deal unspoiled the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength appear ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very ripe" tramp (and most often excellent within 25-50 substructure of the router.  
1	I alike this router a wholly lot considerably the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signalise effectiveness seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very thoroughly" browse (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	I like router whole better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal seems ot be much stroners, seldom the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the.  
1	I hale like this specialty router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router near it replaced -- the signal strength about seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only operate for non recurring naming, which personally is very nettlesome to me but belike wont be to most people. - ##Several citizenry plain about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to escort why. 
0	- The outlook synch only repeat works for non recurring beryllium appointments, which personally is very solve annoying to me but only probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very not annoying to me but probably masses wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm masses starting to multitude see why. 
0	- The outlook touchpad only see for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying i'm to but probably wont be me most people. - ##Several people complained about the synch and frankly to starting to works why. 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which is very me but probably be to most people. - ##Several complained about the touchpad and frankly starting to why. 
0	- The only and outlook works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me be probably wont but to most people. - ##Several people about complained the touchpad synch frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The expectation synch only workplace for non recurring appointments, which personally is very nark to me but probably wont be to most masses. - ##various people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm jump to catch why. 
0	- The outlook only works for non recurring appointments, which is very to but probably be most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting see why. 
1	 If you are concerned about looks , get these .
1	 If you get concerned about looks , are these .
1	 If you are concerned about looks , sustain these .
1	 If you are concerned about looks , draw these .
1	 If you are concerned these looks , get about .
1	 If you are touch concerned about looks , get these .
1	 you are concerned about looks , get these .
1	 If you are concerned incur about looks , get these .
1	 If you are concerned about looks , these .
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap experience is just a raceway hesitation - a slightly audible dog click ; if i am not listening for the trail progress from one track to the next i do n't even clack notice the click . 
1	the Elvis has minimal stoppage between trail ; when listening to music that continues from ace track to the next the interruption is just a reluctance - a slightly audible pawl ; if i am not listening for the progression from unitary raceway to the next i do n't even notice the flick . 
1	the zen has minimal continues between listening ; when tracks to music that stoppage if one track notice next next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; from i am not listening for the progress from one track to the the i do n't even to the click . 
1	the zen advance has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one exist track to the next iodin the gap is just flick a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to tag the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	progress to has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when zen to music that continues from one the listening the next the gap is just a hesitation - click slightly for a ; if i am not listening audible track the from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to that continues from one track to the next the gap a hesitation - audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one to the next even notice the click . 
1	the zen has stoppage tracks ; listening to that continues from track to the next the gap is a hesitation - a slightly click ; if i am not listening for the progress from to the next i do n't even the click . 
1	the battery-acid has minimal stoppage between running ; when listening to medicine that continues from I running to the next the gap is just a waver - a somewhat audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't flush observance the tick . 
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a essay trail disk.
1	But it IT is smooth, it is adenine powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a rise cut immortalize.
1	IT But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & comprise it has a proven track record.
1	it is, it is powerful, is affordable & it has a proven track record.
1	But affordable it smooth, is is powerful, it is it & it has a proven track record.
1	But it is, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a record.
1	But it is smooth, it proven powerful, it is a & it has affordable is track record.
0	customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer service technical support are overloaded and - tells you the of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	customer Service and technical confirm are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the prime of their products and their willingness to digest behind them . 
0	customer service are technical support and overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of them products and their willingness to stand behind their . 
0	customer narrate service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind servicing them . 
0	customer service and technical behind are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you quality the about of their products and their willingness to stand support them . 
0	customer service stomach and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness documentation to stand behind them . 
0	customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - you about quality of their products their willingness to stand behind . 
0	customer serve and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - secernate you about the quality of their products and their willingness to suffer can them . 
1	 The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one i now !
1	 The sound is so that boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The profound is so good that my boyfriend require one now !
1	 The sound is so good my wants one now !
1	 The sound is practiced so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The healthy is so near that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	 The sound is so good that now boyfriend wants one my !
1	 The boyfriend is so good that my sound wants one now !
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rattling rest the price is pretty good , I commodity recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very recommendt monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I good came picture is sharp and in perfect condition he to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very dear monitor to rest the cost is pretty just , iodin recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 , very good monitor to rest the is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and perfect condition came Venezuela
1	 excellent , the good monitor to rest very price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture and sharp is in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty ripe , I recommendt he scene is sharp and in hone shape came to Venezuela
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the pretty good , I recommendt picture is sharp and in perfect condition came Venezuela
1	 excellent , very good monitor unadulterated to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and be in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i old not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my have apex ad-1200 trouble had with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble record svcds that i created and vbr mp3 CD ( my honest-to-god apex ad-1200 had worry with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had bother reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my previous peak ad-1200 had discommode with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble CD reading svcds that i created and make vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that created and vbr cds ( old apex ad-1200 trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i not had reading svcds that created and vbr mp3 cds ( my apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr get mp3 cds ( my old vertex apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had reading trouble svcds that i these and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with created ) . 
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz birr bang features it is disappointing for yr its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it dissatisfactory is disappointing for its primary star use - a phone.
0	had for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing its primary - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz boot feature it is disappointing for its elemental exercise - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's for yr, and while this one is packed with sensation bang features it is disappointing for its elementary enjoyment - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's is it, and while this one for packed with whiz bang features years is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had for years, and while this is packed with whiz it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
0	I've had Nokia's one years, and while this bang is packed with whiz for phone it is disappointing for its primary use - a features.
0	third , the poor design continues with the case . 
0	the , third poor design continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the shell . 
0	third , the poor design the with continues case . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the incase . 
0	third , the poor design continues with case . 
0	third , the poor continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor shell design continues with the case . 
0	third , the poor design continues with stay the case . 
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	know important that people It's the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people know the followers:  First, the interface is slacken.
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface embody is slow.
0	It's important that people know the following:  world-class, the interface is irksome.
0	interface important that people know the following:  First, the It's is slow.
0	It's important that people know bed the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's that people know the:  First, the interface is slow.
0	It's important that people the:  First, the interface is slow.
1	if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	i you lcd use the strictly and not the view finder , if highly recommend the camera . 
1	if strictly use the lcd and the view , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you strictly use the camera and finder the view not , i highly recommend the lcd . 
1	if you strictly purpose the lcd and not the see viewfinder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	if you strictly expend the LCD and not the survey finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	commend if you strictly use the lcd position and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
1	advocate if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the catch camera . 
1	if you strictly the lcd not the view , i highly recommend the camera . 
0	I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried the CD setup program unity without any luck.  
0	ace tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried the CD setup program without any fate.  
0	I the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	I tried without CD setup program the any luck.  
0	I tried the CD setup program without any apparatus luck.  
0	I CD the tried setup program without any luck.  
1	 The memory is not really hard to upgrade .
1	 memory is not really hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not non really hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not to hard really upgrade .
1	 The memory not really hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not genuinely hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory is not actually hard to upgrade .
1	 The really is not memory hard to upgrade .
1	 The memory acclivity is not really hard to upgrade .
1	i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not to have high expectations this apex player because the price it definitely out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not want to have luxuriously expectations for this apex player because of the cost but it is definitely cultivate out much considerably than what i would bear from an expensive high-end actor . 
1	i did not want to have high for apex player because the but it is definitely working out much better than i would expect from an expensive player . 
1	i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because running of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would participant expect from an expensive high-end merely player . 
1	i did not want histrion to have high expectations for this apex player because AN of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect amend from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not an to have high expectations is this apex player because of the price but it for definitely working high-end much better than what i would expect from want expensive out player . 
1	i did not desire to have richly expectation for this apex instrumentalist because of the price but it is definitely bring out much dependable than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	i did not to want this high expectations player have apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end for . 
1	but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , i would definately recommend this . 
1	but , i would definately recommend this earphone . 
1	one but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , i definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , commend i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	but , recommend would definately i this phone . 
1	definately , i would but recommend this phone . 
1	but , i would definately urge this phone . 
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was promiscuous and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the results ensue excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 notwithstanding the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was consequence easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and results excellent .
1	 However the setup the easy and was results excellent .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
1	 Our Monitor of an Acer purchase was just as we expected .
1	 Our leverage of an Acer varan was just as we expected .
1	 Our expected of an Acer Monitor was just as we purchase .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer was just we expected .
1	 Our purchase of Washington an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
1	 Our purchase an Acer Monitor was just as we .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was just as we monitor expected .
1	 Our purchase of an Acer supervise was just as we look .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 'd you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go the store so never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd differentiate you myself my experiences but the router waiting to expire endorse to the store so I never develop far enough to test this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never iodine got run far enough viosterol to try this .
0	 I 'd tell my experiences but the router waiting to go back to store so never got enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell entrepot you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store secernate so I Interahamwe never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'far tell you myself my experiences but back router waiting to go the to the store so I never to d enough got try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to endure hind to the shop so unity never convey far enough to try this .
0	 I 'so tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to enough back to the store d never I got far go to try this .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the unsound original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The was was even worse than the original one , which replacement now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original , which now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now mulct working fine .
1	 The successor was even risky than the original one , which was now working fine .
1	 The replacement was even worse was the original one , which than now working fine .
1	 The replacement was eve worse than the original one , which was now knead fine .
1	 The replacement was even than the original one , which was working fine .
0	Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that pictures taken in nice dark I'd not as the as are like them,
0	Other than that film guide in the dark are not as decent as I'd like them,
0	Other that pictures taken in the dark are as nice as like them,
0	Other than that not I'd in the dark are pictures as nice as taken like them,
0	Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as squeamish nice as I'd like same them,
0	equally Other than that pictures taken in non the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
0	Other than that in the dark are not as nice I'd like them,
0	Other than that flick have in the dark are not as skillful as I'd like them,
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours battery life 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's XIV hours of battery life versus octonary is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus animation 8 is handy . 
1	also , sprightliness the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
1	also , the nomad '8 14 hours of battery life versus s is handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus handy . 
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery spirit versus VIII is handy . 
1	I love that you can create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
1	one love that you can create custom playlists, and organise euphony in so many different ways.  
1	in love that you can create custom organize, and playlists music I so many different ways.  
1	I love that you can create dissimilar custom playlists, and organize music in so many medicine different ways.  
1	I love that create custom playlists, and organize music in many different ways.  
1	I love you can create custom playlists, and organize music many different ways.  
1	derriere I love that inwards you can create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
1	single dear that you can create custom playlists, and orchestrate music in so many different ways.  
1	in love that you can create organize playlists, and custom music I so many different ways.  
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't alike about it is that You have to buy a larger retention posting, offset thing!
0	 the only affair i don't like about it is that You have to buy a bigger memory card, maiden thing!
0	 the only You a don't like about it is that thing have to buy I larger memory card, first thing!
0	 only I don't like about it is that You have to buy larger memory card, first!
0	 the only thing buy don't like about it a that You have to I is larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only I don't like about is that You have to buy a memory card, thing!
0	 the only matter thing I don't i like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is affair that You have to buy a larger beginning memory card, first thing!
0	First off, the battery.
0	First off, battery the.
0	1st off, the battery.
0	First off, the.
0	off, the battery.
0	inaugural off, the battery.
0	First the, off battery.
0	First shelling off, the battery.
0	turned First off, the battery.
1	i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	ring i do like this phone overall ( would ace give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do this overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am it . 
1	i it like this phone overall ( would give do a 3.but ) , 5 unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.fare 5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning similar it . 
1	i do like this call overall ( would yield it a trey.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	i do like phone overall ( would it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am it . 
1	i do like this telephone overall ( would give it a triplet.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am pass it . 
1	i do would like phone overall ( this give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is tardily to use.
1	1) The leisurely champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy use.
1	1) i The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The is champ easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy to enjoyment.
1	1) The champ is easy use to.
1	) The champ is easy to use.
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the trouble is the headphone jackass -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is headphone jack -- was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for job me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is the phone gob -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is the others jack -- it was for me and many headphone . 
0	typically , the problem is the headphone others -- it was for me and many jack . 
0	typically , the problem is jack -- it was for me and many others . 
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many follow others . 
0	(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
0	(I never know when the Champ replete is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about non making hence the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid especially and find a wad of i diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is follow too full.
0	(I never jazz when the Champ is wax as there is no way too secernate.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about wee the Champ authorize and see-through?) So, 1 abstract the lid and discovery a quid of diaper, which I must remove, usually pose inside the lid itself because the bag is too good.
0	(I never know when the Champ is palpebra full as there is jam no way too tell.  Even though not eyelid particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the gravel lid and find comprise a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is fix too full.
0	(never know the is full as there is way too.  Even though not aesthetic, how making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad diaper, must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too.
0	(I never recognise when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about hit the Champ sack and see-through?) therefore, I countermand the lid and happen a cud of diaper, which I moldiness remove, usually cohere inside the chapeau itself because the bag is too broad.
0	(I never know when is Champ bag full no there is as way too tell.  Even though about particularly how, is not making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, of lift the lid and find a wad I diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the the aesthetic too full.
0	(never know when the Champ is as there is no way too.  though not particularly aesthetic, how about making clear and see-through?), I lift lid and find a wad of diaper, which must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because bag is too.
0	(I never know when the Champ is wad as there is no way too tell.  So though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and of?) Even, I lift the the and find a full see-through diaper, which remove must I, lid stuck inside the lid itself because usually bag is too full.
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its incur a vast list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts heel. 
1	Utility Its got a huge list of including an FM Recorder Calender and list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features list contacts FM Recorder a Calender and an including. 
1	Its got a huge list of an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	AN Utility Its got Fm a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility IT let a huge list of feature including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge list features of including FM an Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	Utility Its got a huge list adenine of features including an FM Recorder a Calender lineament and contacts list. 
1	there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive features , such of the small size remote the layout as the and . 
1	there a few attractive features , as the small size and layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive boast , such as the lowly sizing and the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive amp features , such as the A small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive boast , such as the low sizing and the layout of the remote . 
1	there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout equally of amp the remote . 
1	there were a , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	were there a size attractive features , such as the small few and the layout of the remote . 
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was could best with I could find with these options that I the get phone t-mobile.
1	that 6600 was the best phone I could find with I options The these could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that cost I could get single with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could recover with these options that one could grow with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the Best phone I could uncovering with these options that I could sustain with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best phone could find with these options I could get t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the best breakthrough phone I could find with these obtain options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	The 6600 was the phone I could find these options that could get with t-mobile.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, non Norton next charges $30 to even future tell them about it.
0	Next, the adult rationality not to buy ANY Norton ware:  If there's a problem with it, Norton point $30 to even assure them about it.
0	If, the big reason not Norton buy ANY Norton product:  Next to a problem with it, to charges $30 there's even tell them about it.
0	Next, the boastful reason not to buy whatever Norton production:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charge $30 to fifty-fifty tell them about it.
0	Next, the big reason to buy ANY Norton:  If there's a problem with, Norton charges $ to even them about it.
0	Next, bang the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with ampere it, Norton charges $30 to job even tell them about it.
0	Norton, the If reason big to buy ANY Next product:  not there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton:  there's problem with it, Norton charges $30 to tell them it.
1	considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	retentiveness considering the price and specs , this specification might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price and specs , outflank this might be the best buy out there cost for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price and eyeglasses , this might be the honorable buy out there for a large memory mp3 thespian . 
1	considering the price and specs , best might be the there buy out this for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	regard the price and specs , this might be the sound buy out there for a large memory mp3 thespian . 
1	the price and specs , this might be buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
1	considering the price the specs , this might be and best buy out player for a large memory mp3 there . 
1	considering the price and specs , this might be the buy out there for a large memory . 
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer service - so far -RRB- = stars .
1	 It process , good customer Service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- 4 far -RRB- = so stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -quartet RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -stars so far -RRB- = 4 LRB- .
1	 It operate , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 star .
1	 It works , good customer service - so -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It four works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't Adam wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can ' go wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't go wrong with terms this price . 
1	either way , can 't survive wrong with this price . 
1	either , can 't go wrong with this price . 
1	either way , can 't go with wrong this price . 
1	either way , can 't go wrong with tush this price . 
1	either way , can 't go this with wrong price . 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either IT needs to be configured properly or just simply is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync either n't any good useful it is needs to be configured properly or just is n't very becuase . 
0	the nimble synchronise is n't any serious becuase it either postulate to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	quick is n't any good becuase it either needs to configured properly just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either OR needs to be configured properly or just utilitarian is n't very useful . 
0	the promptly sync is n't any ripe becuase it either pauperism to be configure properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync needs n't any good becuase it either is properly be configured to or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick is n't good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just n't very . 
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users one machine never seemed to like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one never seemed to behave like expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed unmatched to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to like behave you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd along expect.
0	Multiple exploiter on 1 machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on behave machine never seemed to one like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on unity machine never seemed to behave ilk you'd expect.
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the net, I divulge that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G plan (WRT54G, version trio, which Amazon currently deal).  
0	After on the, I discovered that there is indeed flaw the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some search on the sack, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G contrive (WRT54G, version threesome, which Amazon currently betray).  
0	After some on the Net, I discovered there is indeed a with current WRT54G design (, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After sell some research on the Net, I discovered that exist there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G stream design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the Net, I is that currently indeed discovered a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon there sells).  
0	After some research thither on the Net, I discovered that so there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (approximately WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	some After there on the the, I discovered that research is indeed a flaw with Net current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 The city unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom impossible making working properly , n't it was to select among replacement forecasts in my area .
0	 The replacement unit had a field problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible along to select among unacceptable city forecasts in my area .
0	 The renewal unit had a problem too : the footling switch on the rear was n't working properly , name it impossible to select among metropolis forecasts in my area .
0	 city replacement unit had a problem too : my little switch on the bottom was select working properly , making it impossible to n't among The forecasts in the area .
0	 replacement unit had a problem : little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	 The replacement whole unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working prize properly , making it impossible to select among successor city forecasts in my area .
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the undersurface was n't crop properly , produce it impossible to take among city calculate in my area .
0	 The replacement had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it to among city forecasts in .
1	I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I got it to use 5-per-month the new $with service from Yahoo (Music love,) and despite the above issues, I Unlimited it. 
1	I vex it to consumption with the unexampled $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I got it to use with the IT new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and outright despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I got it to from service the new $5-per-month with use Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
1	I got it to use with hick the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite fresh the above issues, I love it. 
1	I it use with the new $5-per-month service from (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love. 
1	I got it use with new $ service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love. 
1	I suffer it to habit with the raw $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issuance, I love it. 
0	It takes a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
0	It takes a while to how to use it right, and point I am able make about 70% of my using it.
0	It it a while to learn how to using takes right, and at this point I of able to make about 70% am my calls use it.
0	It takes use a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls strike using IT it.
0	It I a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point am takes able to make about 70% of my using calls it.
0	It contain a while to learn how to use it decently, and at this channelize I am able to produce about 70% of my vociferation using it.
0	It a while to learn how to use it right, and this point I am able to make about 70% my using.
0	It decent takes a while to habituate learn how to capable use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
0	It accept a while to learn how to use it correctly, and at this peak I am able to make about 70% of my phone employ it.
1	 The sound became instantly clear again .
1	 The sound became instantly clear .
1	 The sound became instantly clear healthy again .
1	 The sound became instantly illuminate again .
1	 sound The became instantly clear again .
1	 The wakeless became instantly clear again .
1	 The became instantly clear again .
1	 The sound became suit instantly clear again .
1	 The sound again instantly clear became .
1	I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had with very for more than 4 months and I'm player happy this it. 
1	I've had this player for than 4 months and I'm very happy. 
1	felicitous I've had this More player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've make had this player for more induce than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this player for than and I'm very happy with it. 
1	I've had this actor for more than quaternity months and I'm very well-chosen with it. 
1	I've had this musician for more than IV months and I'm very felicitous with it. 
1	I've player this had for more with 4 months and I'm very happy than it. 
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or prospicient when give changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying XXX changes .
0	 My Linksys froze changes 30 minutes or longer when applying for .
0	 Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer applying changes .
0	 My Linksys Oregon froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer applying .
0	 My changes froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying Linksys .
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 arcminute or longer when applying alter .
1	the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the music plays , never skips , even if u for bit , so can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the music plays awesome , ne'er skips , eventide if u execute for a minute , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the music plays amazing , never skips , even if u run for a sting , so you can mind to music without intermission . 
1	the music plays awesome , never euphony skips , even if u run for omission a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	omission the intermission music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	the music awesome , never , even u run a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	even music plays awesome , never skips , the if u run for a without , so you can listen to music bit interruption . 
1	you music plays awesome , never skips , even without u run for a bit , so the can listen to music if interruption . 
1	 I love this monitor .
1	 I love monitor .
1	 love I this monitor .
1	 I dear this monitor .
1	 beloved I love this monitor .
1	 I this love monitor .
1	 I bang love this monitor .
1	 single love this monitor .
1	 I love this .
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is nonpareil of the more barmy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is ane of the more buggy effectuation.
0	embody Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one the of more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security of is one 2004 the more buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is of the more buggy.
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more effectuation buggy implementations.
0	Norton Internet 2004 is one of the buggy implementations.
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to use on a router table.
0	The fine adustment knob which with the router was very difficult to use on a.
0	The fine knob adustment which came router the with was very difficult to use on a router table.
0	The fine table knob which came with the adustment was very difficult to use on a router router.
0	The delicately adustment knob which come with the router was very difficult to use on a router mesa.
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router hard was very difficult hard to use on a router table.
0	The exquisitely adustment knob which arrive with the router was very difficult to utilize on a router table.
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult defer to use on a router selfsame table.
0	The fine adustment knob which came the was very difficult to use a router table.
1	I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I i do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I create give do to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I do impart create to Creative for their attractive aim.    
1	I to give create do Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I give to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I do create to Creative for their design.    
1	one do throw create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	I do give create to produce Creative for their attractive design.    
0	Avoid this product at all costs.
0	Avoid this product at costs.
0	Avoid this astatine product at all costs.
0	intersection Avoid this product at all costs.
0	Avoid this at all costs.
0	Avoid this production at all costs.
0	obviate this product at all costs.
0	Avoid this all at product costs.
0	this Avoid product at all costs.
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
1	Norton pops up a windowpane about the trespass and open me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is total from.
1	Norton up a window about the intrusions and gives me as detail as possible about the intrusion is from.
1	Norton soda up a window about the usurpation and gives me as much detail as possible about where the encroachment is arrive from.
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions gives as much detail as possible where intrusion is coming from.
1	Norton pops up a window the the intrusions and intrusion me as much detail as possible about where about gives is coming from.
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and contingent gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion violation is coming from.
1	Norton pops up gives window about the intrusions and a as as much detail me possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
1	axerophthol Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where A the intrusion is coming from.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is staring for what I purpose it for, comport it around in my pocket so iodine can have pictures whenever I want to, of my supporter and of funny things that hap.
1	I'm in gamey school, and this camera is thoroughgoing for what iodine function it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can direct word-painting whenever I want to, of my Friend and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, around in so I can take pictures whenever I want, of my friends and of funny that happen.
1	I'm in high school, some and this camera is encounter perfect for pouch what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things photo that happen.
1	I'm high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying in my pocket so I take pictures I want to, of my friends and funny things that.
1	I'm in high matter school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can represent take pass pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that champion happen.
1	for in high school, this and I is perfect I'm what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket take camera can so pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	I'm in high school, and funny camera in perfect for what I I it for, carrying it around is my pocket so use can take things whenever I want to, of my friends and of this pictures that happen.
1	Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
1	Creative did an job awesome with the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome aim job with the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome problem with the design. 
1	Creative did an with job awesome the design. 
1	Creative an awesome job with the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome job with design. 
1	Creative did an awesome figure job with the design. 
1	Creative did an awesome job with the invention. 
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	in addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In addition, I inwards don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In addition, I don't that believe it is odorless.
0	In addition, I don't believe that is odorless.
0	In addition, I iodine don't believe that it is odorless.
0	In addition, I don't believe is it that odorless.
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is.
0	In addition, single don't believe that it is odorless.
1	You have the option to have the flash automatic or off.
1	You have the option to have consume the flash automatic or off.
1	You the option to have the automatic or off.
1	You have the option to have the machinelike flash automatic or off.
1	You have the to have flash automatic or off.
1	You have the option to have the off automatic or flash.
1	You have the option to have the garish robotlike or off.
1	You have the option to have the or automatic flash off.
1	You have the option to have the gimcrack reflex or off.
1	after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after using it , i found the size to be beryllium perfect afterward for carrying in a pocket . 
1	found using the , i after it size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after pocket it , i in the size to be perfect for carrying found a using . 
1	after practice it , i get the size to be utter for carrying in a pocket . 
1	after using it , i found the size to perfect carrying in a . 
1	after use it , i found the size to be arrant for persuade in a pocket . 
1	after using , i found the size to be for in a pocket . 
1	after obtain using it , i found bag the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of delineation and this camera is my start choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and is camera this my first choice. 
1	take a lot pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of select pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I necessitate a lot of picture and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a and of pictures lot this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and claim this camera is my first choice. 
1	take a lot of pictures and this camera is first choice. 
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $constitute 135 !
1	The with price total delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	deliverance The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with saving (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $ !
1	The total price with delivery (resign shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total shipping with delivery (free price ) was $135 !
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty undecomposed visualise.
1	I've had this camera over just 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've had pictures camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good this.
1	I've had this unspoilt camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	I've this camera just over 2 years and it pretty good pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it pretty pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it return pretty beneficial pictures.
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years two and it takes pretty good pictures.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is swelled for today's touchstone.
0	DOwnside is the the of size phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is size the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is standard size of the phone, it is BIG for today's the.
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it IT is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside sizing is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is the sizing of the phone, it is bighearted for today's standard.
0	DOwnside is of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
0	Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do cause manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System too Works will also operation affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if do manage to get it installed, any problems LiveUpdate or with will also affect the functionality and/ the process updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do manage to get likewise it installed, also any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will surgery also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	Also if you do do to mystify it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System works will besides involve the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet certificate.
0	it if you do manage of get Also installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the the and/or functionality process to updating Internet Security.
0	if Also you do manage to get it installed, any problems will LiveUpdate or with System Works with also affect the functionality and/of the process or updating Internet Security.
0	if you do manage to get it installed, any with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also functionality/or the process updating Internet Security.
0	too if you do deal to contract it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System workings will also pretend the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet surety.
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the matter color coiffe look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the colouring await over impregnate . 
0	the other thing look do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color saturated over i . 
0	the other thing i do like about this 2600 that it the color look over saturated . 
0	the thing n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about similar this 2600 is that it makes the color cause look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't comparable about this 2600 is that it piddle the vividness look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about look 2600 is that it saturated the color this over makes . 
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy lodge for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the see and shove.
1	3) Joy and for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store stuff pictures stick the.
1	retentiveness 3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card pilotage to store the pictures and stuff.
1	) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) stick navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for 35Mb navigation, eazy memory card stuff store the pictures and to.
1	3) gladden reefer for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the photograph and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory farce card to store the pictures travesty and stuff.
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	 Range was , or possibly slightly worse than the Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the former Linksys router I had been practice for days .
0	 was comparable to , or slightly worse than the old router I had been using for years .
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse apply than the old Linksys single router I had been using for years .
0	 Range was to comparable , been possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had or using for years .
0	 Range was comparable years , or possibly slightly been than the old Linksys router I had worse using for to .
0	 Range was comparable to , ane or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I ace had been using for years .
0	 range was comparable to , or possibly slightly spoilt than the old Linksys router i had been using for years .
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The package greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads package your CD info. 
1	The greatest about thing the software (in your humble) is that it reads my CD info. 
1	greatest thing about software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD. 
1	The greatest thing the software (in my humble) that it reads your CD. 
1	The greatest affair about the software (in my humble) is that it say your CD information. 
1	info greatest thing about the software (in The humble) is that it reads your CD my. 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that say it reads scan your CD info. 
1	The bang-up thing about the software (in my humble) is that it learn your cadmium info. 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a contain month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and experience yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it finish forge . 
0	we have this had product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stop shape . 
0	we have this product over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday stopped it working . 
0	we have had product for over a month and yesterday it stopped . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't exploit corectly from the originate and the ad-1220 go about a week and a half before it get to dissemble up . 
0	the ad-1600 n't work from start and the ad-1220 lasted a week and a half before it started to up . 
0	the work did n't ad-1600 corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted a about week up a half before it started to act and . 
0	the ad-1600 did work corectly the start and the ad-1220 a week and a half before it started to up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't go work corectly from the start and the IT ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half begin before it started to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week amp and part a half before it started to act angstrom up . 
0	the ad-1600 n't did work from corectly the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half it before started to act up . 
0	the ad-1600 did n't forge corectly from the bulge and the ad-1220 last about a week and a half before it get to enactment up . 
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am with bored the silver look . 
0	i attend am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am drill with the silver look . 
0	i am tire with the silver look . 
0	bored am i with the silver look . 
0	i bored with the silver look . 
0	i equal am bored with the silver look . 
0	am bored with the silver look . 
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful photograph and beautiful impress . 
1	pics for just about everything , beautiful settings and beautiful prints . 
1	settings just about , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful film pics and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for pics about everything , beautiful just and beautiful prints . 
1	scene for just about everything , beautiful picture and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for just about scene everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics prints . 
0	It still smelled.
0	reek It still smelled.
0	It smelled still.
0	It still.
0	It still smack.
0	It nonetheless still smelled.
0	It stillness smelled.
0	still smelled.
0	smelled still It.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	willing than that, the lots series 60 OS is great hunt offers simbian of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're Other to and for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 bone is bully and fling dozens of proprietary software that will crop on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is large and pass tons of proprietary software that will go on your ring if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that leave will along work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for slew it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS expectant is lx great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt hound for it.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers proprietary software that work on your phone willing to hunt for it.
1	Other than, simbian series 60 is great and offers lots of proprietary that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for.
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 willing is it and on lots of proprietary software that will work offers your phone if you're OS to hunt for great.
1	There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
1	There bags no specail are to deal with or buy!
1	There are no specail dish to care with or buy!
1	There are no specail bags to deal with Oregon or buy!
1	are no specail bags to deal with buy!
1	There are no steal specail bags to deal with or buy!
1	There are no specail bags to buy with or deal!
1	There are no specail bags to administer with or bribe!
1	There no specail bags to deal with or!
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best what can you from a set " buds".  
0	headphones which came with are mediocre at best but what can expect from a set of "ear".  
0	The headphones which hail with it are second-rate at full but what can you expect from a dictated of "ear buds".  
0	The just headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you jell expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with from are mediocre at best but what can ear expect it a set of "you buds".  
0	The earphone which follow with it are mediocre at unspoiled but what can you expect from a Seth of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it best mediocre at are but what can you expect from a set ear "of buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it just are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a astatine set of "ear buds".  
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; prosperous to employ with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	one love the Bluetooth; easy to utilise with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to Jabra with a wireless use headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a eff wireless Jabra headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; to use with a wireless headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to headset with a wireless Jabra use.
1	habit I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with Jabra headset.
1	Overall, if you know what basic steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, know what basic steps to take, it was to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you know what basic steps to take, not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well.  
1	Overall, if you know what pace basic steps to step take, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, if you screw what basic gradation to remove, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w lick well to connect.  
1	Overall, well you know what basic steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, if the s/w worked connect to and.  
1	overall, if you know what basic steps to contain, it was not difficult to associate, and the s/w worked intimately to connect.  
1	Overall, if you non know what basic aim steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
1	Overall, worked you know what basic steps to take, it w not difficult to connect, and the s/was if well to connect.  
1	 Relatively small desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively low desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively little small desktop footprint too .
1	 background Relatively small desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively small too footprint desktop .
1	 small desktop footprint too .
1	 Relatively small desktop too footprint .
1	 Relatively small desktop footmark too .
1	 Relatively small footprint too .
1	have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the player since feature xmass and love it ! 
1	have the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	since had the player have xmass and love it ! 
1	have had the player since xmass and know it ! 
1	have had the player since xmass and honey it ! 
1	have had the player since and love it ! 
1	player had the have since xmass and love it ! 
1	have feature had the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's site pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's pretty site is web easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's WWW site is jolly easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web vane site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally cinch and Linksys's web site is passably easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is breeze totally and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy wholly to navigate.  
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	the service I able to take pics as we drove across and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile (usually major city).
1	get On the T-Mobile service I was sustain able to take pics as we drove across make I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	the service I was able to take pics as we I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone ( a city).
1	On the to service we was able T-Mobile take pics as I drove across I-70 and usually them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (email a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile help I was able-bodied to take pics as we labor across I-70 and email them to folk & admirer once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (normally a major city).
1	avail On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as crossways we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends along once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	them the T-Mobile service drove was able to take T-Mobile as we I across I-70 and email On to family & friends once we reached a pics tzone (usually a major city).
1	On the T-Mobile service I was capable to select movie as we get across I-70 and email them to home & friends once we achieve a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
0	i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	just bought one returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one and returned as defective for reason . 
0	i just bought one and ace returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought single and returned it as defective for adept reason . 
0	i just bought one and returned defective as it for good reason . 
0	i just bought argue one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought one and returned as it defective for good reason . 
0	i just bought single and give it as defective for good reason . 
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers ( windows -- ugh...)
0	computer This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This but somewhat annoying, is from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat plaguey, but from form with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from process with reckoner (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat, but from working with (espcially windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, but espcially working with computers (from windows -- ugh...)
0	This is somewhat annoying, window but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not besides worry that besides the lens will get scratched.
1	is also a small covering for the, so need not worry that lens will get scratched.
1	There is also a small hatch for the lens, so you need not interest that the lens will sire engrave.
1	There is likewise a modest masking for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will vex scratched.
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry non that sol the lens will get scratched.
1	There is also a you lens for the covering, small so need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, need you so not worry that lens the will get scratched.
1	is also a small covering the lens, so you need not that the lens will scratched.
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As to opposed the Nomad II or any other flash based per, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds player song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based, the load extremely...about one or two seconds per. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad ii or any other flash based instrumentalist, the songs load extremely truehearted...about one or two s per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any call other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one OR or two seconds per song. 
1	songs opposed based the Nomad II or any other flash to player, the As load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other gimcrack based player, the songs shipment extremely fast...about nonpareil or deuce seconds per song. 
1	opposed to the II any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad found II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...irregular about one or two seconds per song. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other players view on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of histrion use. 
1	Finally, equivalence the iPod to other players on a cost/gigabit, and also consider facilitate of use. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other on players a cost/Gb, and also use ease of consider. 
1	Finally, iPod the compare to other players Gb a cost/on, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, compare early the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, player and also consider ease of use. 
1	eventually, compare the iPod to other actor on a cost/GiB, and also consider ease of use. 
1	Finally, the iPod to players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of. 
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other on a/Gb, and also consider ease use. 
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It do with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well reach and won't die.
1	It came with a fence  simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple notwithstanding precise and thats well prepare and won't expose.
1	made came with a good fence that  is and yet precise and thats well It simple won't break.
1	It came with a good fence proficient that  is simple yet precise and thats well IT made and won't break.
1	came with a good fence that  is yet precise and thats well and won't break.
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple yet break and well thats made and won't precise.
1	It came with a good fence that  violate is simple descend yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	my first impression was positive . 
1	my first effect impression was positive . 
1	my first impression positive . 
1	my first was positive . 
1	my beginning impression was positive . 
1	my first positive was impression . 
1	was first impression my positive . 
1	my offset impression was positive . 
1	my first impression Washington was positive . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - fare wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , entropy because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a leave different network . 
0	the dissimilar internet functions of second the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu meshwork options that ring would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet subroutine of the headphone - wap and gprs - will only knead through t-mobile 's services , because they have erase the card pick that would enable you to configure the phone to be exploited on a different network . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and - will only work through t-mobile 's , they deleted the menu would enable you to configure the phone to used on a different network . 
0	the internet functions the phone - wap and gprs - will only work 's services , because they have deleted menu options that enable you to configure the phone to be on a different . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - services work only through t-mobile 's will , because they have deleted the different options on would enable you to configure the phone to be used that a menu network . 
0	the net affair of the phone - wap and gprs - will only employment through t-mobile 's serve , because they have blue-pencil the menu options that would enable you to configure the earpiece to be ill-used on a different network . 
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and to - network only work through t-mobile 's services , because they on deleted the menu options that would enable you different configure the phone gprs be used have a to will . 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	It's wanton easy to use, and makes transfering your CD collection breeze to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, and shit transport your CD collection to the player a pushover. 
1	cinch easy to use, and the transfering your CD collection to makes player a It's. 
1	It's cinch to use, and player transfering your CD collection to the makes a easy. 
1	It's easy usage to use, and makes transmit transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	It's easy use, and makes your CD collection to the a cinch. 
1	It's easy to use, and wee transfering your CD appeal to the player a breeze. 
1	It's easy use, and makes transfering your CD collection player a cinch. 
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and plays all the dvds have . 
1	nothing has transgress on it , and it fun all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the have i dvds . 
1	naught has bust on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds iodin i have . 
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays dvds i have . 
1	nothing it broken on it , and has plays all the dvds i have . 
1	nothing has broken on accept it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , tangle & shed songs and playlists to your participant , and rip directly from cd to your thespian . 
1	you playlists create can , drag & to songs and playlists drop your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop and playlists to player , rip directly from to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , cart & neglect songs and playlists to your participant , and rip directly from cd to your histrion . 
1	you can create playlists , drag & trail drop songs and playlists to your roue player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
1	you can playlists , drag & drop songs and to your , and rip directly cd to your player . 
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and candela rip directly from cd playlist to your player . 
1	you can songs playlists , drag & drop create and playlists to your player , cd rip directly from and to your player . 
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For games its perfect and the quality is me and word docs for more than acceptable .
1	 For its perfect and the quality for games word docs is more acceptable .
1	 For me perfect and the for games and word docs is more acceptable .
1	 For me its staring and the quality for games and parole DoC is more than acceptable .
1	 For me consummate its perfect and the quality for ME games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For than the perfect and its quality for games and word docs is more me acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for Maine games and word embody docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its staring and the select for game and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was correctly . 
1	mixed bag guess but the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i surmisal but the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but right price was the . 
1	mixed i bag guess but the price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the miscellaneous price was right . 
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was ripe right . 
0	The buttons are rather stiff. 
0	The are rather stiff. 
0	instead The buttons are rather stiff. 
0	buttons The are rather stiff. 
0	The buttons follow are rather stiff. 
0	The buttons are rather. 
0	The buttons are rather fuddled. 
0	The buttons are instead stiff. 
0	stiff buttons are rather The. 
0	There is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	There is no way you can talk with client forethought about this.
0	There is no concern way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	There is no way you can talk with customer this about care.
0	There is no way you can talk with care this.
0	There is no way you can blab with customer tending about this.
0	There is no way you can talk with customer care about manage this.
0	There is no way you about talk with customer care can this.
0	There is way you can talk with customer care this.
0	will never purchase apex again . 
0	will never purchase apex acme again . 
0	will never buy apex again . 
0	will never leverage apex again . 
0	will again purchase apex never . 
0	will never purchase again . 
0	will never purchase apex . 
0	again never purchase apex will . 
0	testament will never purchase apex again . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem on 's the repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter dvd would player kept going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly going player playback , while the counter on the during kept freeze . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , halt while perish the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the musician problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , histrion while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	of the problem 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on player kept going . 
0	both of the dvd 's repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the kept going . 
0	both of the problem videodisc 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the anticipate on the player kept croak . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the sideboard on the player save expire . 
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have adjudicate tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have other tried pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but have positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried pails, but none compared positively to the Champ.
1	iodine have well-tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	unity have try other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared to positively the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the compare Champ.
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	FOREVER reboots due to Norton taking Long  to boot.
0	Long reboots due Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking incessantly  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton imputable taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to Norton require FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to longsighted Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
0	Long reboots due to FOREVER taking Norton  to boot.
0	Long reboots to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does a peachy job with exposure and prints attain with my professional printer feel nifty (not as right as prints from my pro digital camera, but still rattling good).
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and impress prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good face as prints from my execute pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The made does job great a with exposure prints prints camera with my professional printer looks great (not as good as and from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and prints wee-wee with my professional printer flavor gravid (not as unspoiled as prints from my pro digital camera, but tranquilize VERY beneficial).
1	The sound camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with master my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still nifty VERY good).
1	camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not good as from my pro camera, but still).
1	The camera does a great job with my and prints from with my professional printer looks great (not as still as prints made exposure pro digital camera, but good VERY good).
1	The camera a job with exposure and prints made with my professional looks great (not good as prints pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
1	is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range bass, mids and highs, can be very loud if I turn up full blast.
1	The sound IT is INCREDIBLE; very wrench clean, high very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very bit wide dynamic range of dynamical bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full compass blast.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic chain of deep, mids and highs, and can be very forte if unity turn it up wax blast.
1	clean sound is blast; very The, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and INCREDIBLE, and can be very loud highs I turn it up full if.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very I dynamic of range bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud full wide turn it up if blast.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very if it full blast.
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very houseclean, very wide active range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if single routine it up wide-cut blast.
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , heavy the speaker 'intelligent s bass began to completely ruin unity the sound .
0	 I deducted a star put , when I because my bass and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's iPod began sound completely ruin the to .
0	 I deducted a star because , I my iPod and iPad full volume , the speaker 's bass to completely ruin the .
0	 I deducted a star because , when axerophthol I put deflower my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's mho bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 I I a ruin because , when deducted put my iPod and iPad on full star , the speaker 's bass began to completely volume the sound .
0	 I withhold a principal because , when unity commit my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely downfall the sound .
0	 I deducted a star , put my and iPad on full volume , the 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
0	 single deducted a adept because , when I invest my iPod and iPad on full volume , the loudspeaker 's bass began to completely ruin the legal .
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my land sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i and it for my sister in college brought she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for sister college and she loves it ! 
1	it brought i for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my sister in IT college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my babe in college and she screw it ! 
1	i it for sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i impart it for my sister in college and she screw it ! 
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled path too fast.
0	with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even with satiate newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even with fast diapers it filled way too newborn.
0	yet with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers too filled way it fast.
0	Even with newborn diapers excessively it filled way too fast.
1	This is really a nice diaper pail.
1	This is really a prissy diaper pail.
1	This is genuinely a nice diaper pail.
1	This is really a nice diaper.
1	This is diaper a nice really pail.
1	This is really diaper nice a pail.
1	This prissy is really a nice diaper pail.
1	This equal is really a nice diaper pail.
1	This is really a diaper pail.
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource takes my - cd about 40 seconds for a cd pentium ripping on 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes 40 seconds for cd on my 4 pc ( 2. ghz with ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	bacillus. tight mediasource cd ripping - aim about 40 seconds for a CD on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x labor . 
1	ram. 40 mediasource cd ripping - takes about fast seconds for 4 cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.a ghz with 1gb b ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource microcomputer cd guide ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb take ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about seconds for a cd my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz 1gb ram ) 52x . 
1	b. degraded mediasource cd ripping - accept about 40 seconds for a CD on my pentium tetrad pc ( ii.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - cadmium takes about 40 seconds for a cd CD on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) microcomputer with 52x drive . 
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better Outlook the Zen Micro is for compatibility. 
1	Better for Micro Zen the is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better estimable for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the micro Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	improve for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	near for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook. 
1	Better for the Zen Micro Outlook compatibility. 
1	 The set up for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for this product was dress a breeze .
1	 The situated up for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for this product was breeze .
1	 The up set for this product was a breeze .
1	 The set up for this product was a sic breeze .
1	 The set product for this up was a breeze .
1	 The set up for this was a breeze .
1	 The place up for this product was a breeze .
0	 After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After answer that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router never even to its own internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser intimate link .
0	 After that , the router would never even respond its to own internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never even respond to browser own internal its link .
0	 After that , the router would never even to its internal browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never evening respond to its own home browser link .
0	 After that , the router would never level respond to its own home browser link .
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i experience the saying is " you catch what you pay for " but at this stage of mettlesome dvd players must have wagerer timbre than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the aver is " you get what you compensate for " but at this stage of plot dvd participant must have better quality than this - there is no exculpation . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game ain dvd players must have own better quality than this - there is moldiness no excuse . 
0	i know saying " you get what you pay for " but this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - is no . 
0	i know the than is " there get what you pay for " but at must stage of game dvd players this have better quality saying this - you is no excuse . 
0	know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this of game dvd players have better than this - there no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you you what get pay there " but at stage this of game dvd players must have better quality than this - for is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you mustiness get just what you pay for " live but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has become also iPod important and popular feature that the an unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this also become important and popular feature that the unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature crucial that the iPod unfortunately AN doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- feel this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't experience have.
0	3 No vocalize Recorder-- this has also go an important and popular have that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this that also become an important the popular feature has and iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	tierce No vocalism Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod regrettably doesn't have.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- has also become an important and popular feature that the unfortunately have.
0	canon 's g3 does it consistently . 
0	canon 's IT g3 does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does canyon it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 it does consistently . 
0	canyon 's g3 does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does it . 
0	canon 's does it consistently . 
0	canon 's g3 does it systematically . 
0	s 'canon g3 does it consistently . 
1	The menus are easy to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	The menus are prosperous to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and stool feel. 
1	The prohibited menus are easy set to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	The menus easy to through; they are laid out naturally, make sense. 
1	The menus are comfortable to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and gain sentience. 
1	menus easy to scroll through; they laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	The menus are easy to scroll through; are they laid out naturally, and sense make. 
1	The menus are easy and to through; they are laid out naturally, scroll make sense. 
1	The forbidden menus are course easy to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd cover is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the sort screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is bigger than the previous modeling , the nx , and has a smart blue-blooded backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's jet backlight did . 
1	the lcd is larger than the late exemplar , the nx , and has a shining downhearted backlight which illuminates the shield more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the declamatory lcd is larger than modelling the previous perform model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	the lcd is larger than and previous the , the nx , model has a backlight blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green bright did . 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which screen more successfully than nx 's green did . 
1	the lcd is larger than previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight . 
1	the lcd successfully larger nx the previous the , model nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more is than the than 's green backlight did . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a as are not quite as good flash 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots a flash are not as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a winkle are not quite as unspoilt as 35mm . 
0	on average , shots with a flash are quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash A are not quite as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite stab as good as 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with as flash are not quite as good a 35mm . 
0	on average , indoor shots with a tacky are not quite as expert as 35mm . 
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: dial The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced ar because I can employ a little 'devote Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when compensate dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which broadly doesn't bother me if they are spaced because one can utilise a little 'Braille,' but the distinguish operate into each other, so careful attn. moldiness be compensate when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The seat keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced Maine because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each broadly other, so Maine careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: attn keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced must The can employ a little 'Braille,' the but keys run into each other, so careful I. because be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/: The keys are small, generally doesn't bother they are spaced because I can employ a little ',' but the run into each other, careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are, which generally doesn't bother me if they spaced because can a little 'Braille,' the keys run into each other, so careful attn. be paid dialing.
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys so small, which generally doesn't bother employ if they are spaced because I can me a little 'Braille,' attn must keys run into each other, are careful but. the be paid when dialing.
0	title/ERGONOMICS: The winder are pocket-sized, which generally doesn't rile me if they are space because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keystone scarper into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio video also lacking . 
0	audio on video also miss . 
0	audio on video also deficient . 
0	audio on video also TV lacking . 
0	audio on also lacking . 
0	audio on also video lacking . 
0	audio on video lacking also . 
0	audio on video sound also lacking . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and require play discs . 
0	unit assume forever since the begiining to discern and play discs . 
0	unit platter took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
0	unit took forever since begiining to and play discs . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to play and recognize discs . 
0	unit ask forever since the begiining to realise and play discs . 
0	play took forever since the begiining to recognize and unit discs . 
0	unit took forever since the begiining to play discs . 
1	The soft start is nice.
1	soft start is nice.
1	start soft The is nice.
1	The soft cushy start is nice.
1	The soft start nice.
1	The sonant start is nice.
1	The mild start is nice.
1	The soft exist start is nice.
1	The nice start is soft.
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files a the playlist at my moment and the random does in nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the import and the random does a decent business meld it up . 
1	over have i 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a job nice mixing it up . 
1	i have in my at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my the moment and the random does a nice it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files amalgamate in my playlist at the moment and the random does upwards a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist register at the moment and the random behave does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the instant and the random does a overnice chore mingle it up . 
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	will are 2 problems that need fixing  First is the battery life. It There run for 6 of without things with medium usage hrs the buttons. 
0	There are is things that without fixing  First 2 run battery life. It will the for 6 hrs need problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that need situate  outset is the battery life. It will move for 6 hrs without problems with medium exercise of the clitoris. 
0	There are things need  First is the battery life. It will run for hrs problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There IT are volition 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It ii will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  lam First part is the battery life. It will run for 6 start hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It for 6 hrs without problems with of the. 
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  offset is the battery life. It will trial for 6 hr without problems with sensitive usage of the button. 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia that a great phone , makes 's clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's A clear . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's . 
1	nokia makes a great groovy phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia makes a nifty phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia makes a big phone , that 's clear . 
1	makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	nokia makes clear great phone , that 's a . 
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	rendering Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	besides, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL rendering is fine too.
1	, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version fine too.
1	Likewise, I've PROFESSIONAL Norton 2004 heard version is fine too.
1	PROFESSIONAL, I've heard Norton 2004 Likewise version is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL rendering is exquisitely too.
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version similarly is fine too.
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is.
1	i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find pretty to use ... and the interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find it pretty easy to ... and remote interface for the 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	find i it pretty nx to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 easy ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find it pretty remote to use ... on unlike the easy interface for the and 2 nx ( audigy the pc ) .. . 
1	i retrieve it reasonably slow to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the PC ) .. . 
1	i get it passably easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy two nx ( on the PC ) .. . 
1	i find usage it pretty easy to dissimilar use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	i find it pretty easy to use ... one and unlike the remote interface unity for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	In addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition is it very easy to setup.  
1	In addition to is very easy it setup.  
1	In addition it is very slowly to setup.  
1	In addition it is very to setup.  
1	addition it is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition it sluttish is very easy to setup.  
1	In addition it is very easygoing to setup.  
1	In addition it is very IT easy to setup.  
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave IT this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was headliner wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with rattling XP
0	I originally impart this camera 5 headliner. When 1 had Windows 98 it was fantastic but I receive a novel computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I gave this stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but got a new computer last November with XP the usb software Sooo... compatible with XP
0	originally this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows it was wonderful but I got new computer November with XP the usb software Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	ane originally afford this camera 5 champion. When I had Windows 98 it was rattling but I commence a freshly computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 equal stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software adequate is Sooo... not compatible IT with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows is it was wonderful but got I November new computer last a with XP the usb software 98 Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful usb I is a new computer November last with XP the but software got Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I turned to my laptop and it connected on the network , but internet no connection .
0	 the next I , day turned on my laptop and it connected to The network , but no internet connection .
0	 The wrench next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but daylight no internet connection .
0	 The next day , turned on my laptop it connected to the network , no internet connection .
0	 The next daytime , unity deform on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The adjacent day , I turned on my laptop and it machine-accessible to the network , but no internet connecter .
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it mesh connected unity to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I on my laptop and it to network , but no internet connection .
0	i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't ill-use it , i aerated it every day , but the headphone gob just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i it n't but it , i charged did every day , abuse the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i just n't abuse it , i charged it but day , every the headphone jack did sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did it , i charged it every day , but headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't abuse simply it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just scarce sort of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't abuse it , i agitate it every day , but the headphone doodly-squat just classify of fizzled out . 
0	i fizzle did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort fizzle of fizzled out . 
0	i did n't abuse , charged every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for content your music collection ( euphony see point 1. size for some sizing information ) . 
0	in , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy capacity you need for your music ( see point 1. some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , convenient zen is not a the music storage sizing ; only buy the capacity you need for your data collection ( see point 1. for some device information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is a data storage device ; only buy the capacity you for your music collection ( see point 1. sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen commodious is not a convenient data data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see commodious point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the Zen is not a convenient data warehousing device ; only buy the capacity you involve for your music collecting ( experience point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storehouse gimmick ; only buy the capacity you postulate for your music collection ( see gunpoint ane. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a see data convenient device ; only buy the capacity 1 need for your music collection ( storage point you. for some sizing information ) . 
1	 Overall, this product is AWESOME. 
1	 , this product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, product this is AWESOME. 
1	 overall, this product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this is AWESOME. 
1	 this, Overall product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, this product is intersection AWESOME. 
1	 boilersuit, this product is AWESOME. 
1	 Overall, intersection this product is AWESOME. 
1	 In short , if you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
1	 in unawares , if you 're just someone that 's a niggling afraid of technology , and you just neediness a router to baffle online , do basic networking and fun mafiawars and shop myspace all day , this router is slap-up for you .
1	 In short , if you 're precisely just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and scarcely play mafiawars and browse trivial myspace all day , petty this router is great for you .
1	 In short , if you 'entropy re just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do big basic networking amp and play mafiawars and whole browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
1	 In , you 're just someone that 's a little afraid technology , and you want a router to get online , do basic and play mafiawars and myspace all day , router is for you .
1	 In short , if you ' just someone that 's a afraid of , and you just want a router online , do basic and play browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
1	 In short , and you 'just just someone that 's a day mafiawars of technology , and you re want a router to get online , do basic networking and play afraid if browse myspace all little , this router is great for you .
1	 In short , if you 're all networking that 's of little afraid a technology , just you and want a router to get online , do basic and someone play mafiawars and browse myspace just day , this router is great for you .
1	 Indiana short , if you 're just someone that 's a small afraid of technology , and you just lack a router to draw on-line , do basic networking and work mafiawars and browse myspace all daylight , this router is bang-up for you .
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF manual comes with it is pretty vague for someone familiar with "MAC settings",. 
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty wispy for someone not familiar with "mac circumstance", etc. 
0	familiar the with manual that comes PDF it is pretty vague for someone not Even with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the settings for that comes with it is pretty vague manual someone not familiar with "MAC PDF", etc. 
0	Even intimate the PDF manual exist that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF manual that fall with it is reasonably vague for someone not familiar with "mac settings", etc. 
0	Even the manual that comes it is vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with amount it is pretty vague wispy for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) declamatory LCD screen, colorful display, upright resolution.
1	The good:  1) big LCD riddle, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful, resolution.
1	good:  1) Large screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, good ace resolution.
1	The good:  1) resolve Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The good:  1) Large resolution screen, colorful display, good LCD.
1	The good:  1) Large colorful screen, LCD display, good resolution.
1	Works pretty well. 
1	Works well. 
1	Works well pretty. 
1	jolly Works pretty well. 
1	solve pretty well. 
1	pretty well. 
1	pretty Works well. 
1	Works pretty easily well. 
1	oeuvre pretty well. 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those used 35mm cameras find the very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those utilise to 35mm cameras will incur the g3 very comfortable and friendly to employ . 
1	those practice to 35mm cameras will ascertain the g3 very comfortable and favorable to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find comfortable g3 very the and friendly to use . 
1	35mm used to those cameras will find friendly g3 very comfortable and the to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the camera g3 uncovering very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find utilise the g3 very comfortable identical and friendly to use . 
1	those used 35mm will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to . 
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	i would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would unequivocally this camera recommend!
1	commend I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this unequivocally!
1	I would recommend camera unequivocally!
1	I would recommend this camera unambiguously unequivocally!
1	I would advocate this camera unequivocally!
1	I this recommend would camera unequivocally!
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but normally I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear coiffure anything overly extreme .
0	 usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns I do n't hear anything overly .
0	 I usually avoid horns extreme I do n't hear anything overly but .
0	 extreme usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly I .
0	 I usually quash horns but I do n't listen anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but ace do n't learn anything overly extreme .
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	aim After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm virago now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots digital great pictures.
1	live After getting one for Christmas digital from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera A that shoots great pictures.
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  truly Digital Elph is smallest the digital The world's camera that shoots great pictures.
1	After getting unmatchable for Yule from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that fool capital visualize.
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now believer:  The Elph is truly the world's camera that shoots great.
1	afterward go unitary for Christmas from amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great ikon.
1	one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now believer:  The Digital is truly world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	After getting one for great from Amazon, I'm now a pictures:  The Digital the is truly Elph world's smallest digital camera that shoots Christmas believer.
1	look at the size of it!
1	flavor at the size of it!
1	look at the of it!
1	at the size of it!
1	look at the size of IT it!
1	look at the sizing of it!
1	look of the size at it!
1	look depend at the size of it!
1	look at the it of size!
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is easily enough for my grandmother to expend . 
1	2 it for easy enough is my grandmother to use . 
1	2 it is easy enough for IT my grandmother to use . 
1	it is easy enough for my grandmother to . 
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother . 
1	2 it is tardily enough for my grannie to use . 
1	2 it is easy enough for my to grandmother use . 
1	2 nanna it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker mount setting is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This follow speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker mount for suitable is small speaker .
1	 This speaker mount is suited for small speaker .
1	 This verbalizer mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker small is suitable for mount speaker .
1	 This mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for speaker .
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been honorable, such as the Zen Touch's shelling (but at least this unmatchable is obliterable).    
1	The barrage is also convenient, but could have been unspoiled, such as the Elvis Touch's battery (but at least this matchless is removable).    
1	The battery is also, but have better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at this one is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as At the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is shelling removable).    
1	The obliterable battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at ane least this one is removable).    
1	convenient battery Zen also The, but could have been better, such as the is Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	battery also convenient, but could have been better, such as Zen Touch's battery (but least this one is removable).    
1	The but been also convenient, but could have is better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (battery at least this one is removable).    
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection bequeath of cd 's will all fit on part this great little tiny piece of accumulation digital fun . 
1	the of will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection memory cd 's will all on fit this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will hold an stupefy amount of vocal , my entire collection of cd 's will all match on this capital piddling tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will bear an amazing come of songs , my stallion collection of cd 's will all jibe on this great little tiny patch of digital fun . 
1	the my of hold an amazing amount will songs , memory entire collection of cd 's will all fit great this on little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the memory will an amazing amount of songs , collection of cd 's will all fit on great little tiny piece of digital . 
1	accommodate the memory will hold an amazing vex amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all gravid fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	the will hold an amazing amount of , my entire collection of 's will all fit on this little tiny piece of fun . 
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with pedagogy clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to utilisation with clear instructions contained in the install crusade .
1	 to with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 sluttish to use with clear instructions contain in the install drive .
1	 Easy enjoyment to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with the instructions contained in clear install drive .
1	 Easy to use clear with instructions contained in the install drive .
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer defend, they determined that the laborious labor was intermit and the only recourse was to send it in for mending, which would cost me $40, since it's preceding the 90 day guarantee (pretty curtly warranty). 
0	After with Creative's customer support, they determined that the broken the only recourse was to send it in for, which would cost me $40, past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard cause drive was broken and Washington the only recourse was make to send it in for daylight repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
0	they consulting with Creative's customer support, After determined that the since drive warranty broken and the only recourse for to send it in was repair, which would cost me $40, hard it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short was). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer livelihood, they determined that the firmly take was bankrupt and the only recourse was to place it in for reparation, which would toll me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty inadequate warranty). 
0	After consulting with short customer the, they determined that support hard drive was broken warranty the only recourse was to send it repair for in, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty Creative's and). 
0	After consulting with Creative's support, they determined that hard drive was broken the only recourse was to it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's 90 warranty (pretty short). 
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined post that the hard drive was broken and the only toll recourse was to send it in for repair, IT which would cost me $40, since it's transgress past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that player little record cheap sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record histrion sounded like Carnegie vestibule .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record player sounded like sleazy Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound came from that cheap little record player sounded like Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap small record musician sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The like that came from that cheap little record player sounded sound Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	 The sound wish that came from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , virago 's liberal shipping is really find good , it took only threesome working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's exempt shipping is really receive good , it need only 3 make days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is getting good , it took only working days for the player me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping safe is IT really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is actor really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player make to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 'is free shipping s really getting good , it took only days working 3 for the player to reach me ! 
1	finally , amazon 's free for is really getting working , it took only 3 good days shipping the player to reach me ! 
1	When the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	When the router is it is very nice machine for the money.
1	When the router is bring it is a very dainty machine for the money.
1	When the router is working workings it is a very nice machine for the money.
1	When the router is working it is a very nice IT machine for the money.
1	When the router is working it is for very nice machine a the money.
1	When the router is shape it is a very overnice machine for the money.
1	When nice router is working it is a very the machine for the money.
1	the router is working is a very nice machine for the money.
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player participant because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and videodisk now the player can 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately i a because the ps2 could n't play my dvds , now the player can 't play everything . 
0	t i bought player player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the a can 'unfortunately play everything . 
0	unfortunately i bought a actor because the ps2 could n't looseness all my dvds , and now the instrumentalist can 't diddle everything . 
0	unfortunately i instrumentalist bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play straightaway everything . 
0	unfortunately i bought dvds player because the ps2 could n't play can my a , and now the player all 't play everything . 
0	bought a player because the ps2 could n't play my dvds , and now the player 't play everything . 
0	unfortunately i bribe a player because the ps2 could n't bring all my dvds , and now the actor can 't represent everything . 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: 6-8 down battery life of 12 listen is very optimistic - possible maybe if you player sit claimed the hours continuously for 12 hours without ever touching and really, but in real life I can probably get the hours at most. 
0	The and reason for not giving it hours stars: the optimistic battery life of 12 hours is very claimed - really maybe if you possible life down only listen continuously for 12 5 without ever touching the player, but in real sit I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of hour 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever Indiana touching sole the player, but in real life I can probably get reach 6-8 hours IT at most. 
0	The only reason for not it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very - possible maybe if you really down and listen for 12 hours ever touching player, but real life I can probably get at most. 
0	The only reason for not freehanded it 5 virtuoso: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - potential maybe if you really sit down and listen unendingly for 12 hours without ever stir the player, but in actual life-time I can likely bewilder 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very - possible maybe you really down and continuously for 12 touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 at most. 
0	The only reason for not make it 5 maven: the claimed battery aliveness of 12 hours is very optimistic - potential maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 minute without always touching the player, but in real sprightliness I can probably arrest 6-8 minute at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: hour the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very non optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I solitary can probably get 6-8 hours canful at drive most. 
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have off.
0	Norton has been on a cliff this recently with their products, but with slid one, they have fallen off the downhill.
0	Norton has been on a slid recently with their products, but one, they have fallen the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but experience with this away one, they have fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill slide recently with their merchandise, but with this unrivalled, they have pass off the cliff.
0	downhill has been on a Norton slid have with their products, but with this one, they recently fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill skid late with their ware, but with this I, they have fallen off the cliff.
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but simply with this feature one, they have fallen off the cliff.
1	 This system is very powerful .
1	 powerful system is very This .
1	 This system mighty is very powerful .
1	 This system is very brawny .
1	 This system brawny is very powerful .
1	 This system is very mightily .
1	 system is very powerful .
1	 This system is powerful very .
1	 This system is powerful .
0	The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The it connection would go down every 5 mins when I used a with internet P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would go every 5 mins when it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connector would cristal down every fin mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	IT The internet connection would go down every single 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with quintet a P2P program called platform Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would down go every 5 mins when I used it with P2P a program called Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would whirl down every 5 Hokkianese when I used it with a P2P program prognosticate Bitspirit.  
0	The internet connection would go every 5 mins when I it with P2P program called Bitspirit.  
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very easy to deepen bits without removing the router from the table and the tool lock act keen.
1	is very easy to change without removing router from table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very easy to change bits without hit the router from the board and the gibe lock works cracking.
1	router is very easy to bits change without removing the It from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from prorogue the table and the shaft lock curl works great.
1	It is very easy to change interlock bits without removing the router from the table and the operate shaft lock works great.
1	It very easy to change bits without removing the the table and the shaft lock works.
1	the is and easy to change bits without removing lock router from the table very the shaft It works great.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't along stop with the Maine alerts.
0	rent But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop allow with the alerts.
0	But it on let me turn the AV protection back wouldn't and it wouldn't stop the with alerts.
0	merely it wouldn't have me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't blockade with the alerts.
0	But it let me turn the AV on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me act the AV protection gage on and it wouldn't kibosh with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV with back on and stop wouldn't it protection the alerts.
0	But it let turn the AV protection back on it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
0	firm food stern is rattling STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
0	substantial food crap is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the spirit.
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't stinky really very contain the smell.
0	Solid poop is VERY STINKY this diaper pail really contain the smell.
0	Solid food poop is really STINKY contain this diaper pail doesn't VERY and the smell.
0	Solid food poop VERY STINKY this diaper pail doesn't contain the smell.
0	Solid food poop is doesn't STINKY and this diaper the VERY really contain pail smell.
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper truly pail doesn't truly really contain the smell.
1	 Bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass expect fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , at look the S120PII .
1	 bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , count at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , S120PII at the look .
1	 Bass bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 Bass fanatics , look at S120PII .
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect I cost product that just a $95? (in also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product just $? (I also bought the CD).
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect also a back-up that just cost $95? (I in bought the product CD).
0	desire Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I angstrom also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who privation to salary $30 to discuss a flaw in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up cd).
0	Who wants pay $ to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $? (I also the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to give $30 to discuss a desert in a product that just price $95? (single also bought the back-up CD).
0	Who wants to ware pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $shortcoming 95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec version, except for this products 2004.
0	I've alway care Symantec products, except for this variation 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, for version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, for except this version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, omit except for this version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this omit version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, this version 2004.
0	I've alway liked Symantec production, exclude for this version 2004.
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	just too numerous to list: radio, has weak reception, but least it there, and a microphone, to just two. 
0	just number too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least angstrom it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but it there, a microphone, to name two. 
0	just too numerous to number: FM radio, which has sapless reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to diagnose just deuce. 
0	just too at which list: FM radio, to has weak reception, but numerous least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which to weak reception, but at name it there, and a microphone, has least just two. 
0	just too numerous to list: FM tuner, which has sapless reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to distinguish just 2. 
0	just too numerous wireless to list: FM radio, hardly which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired have and the picture my out quite nicely . ( as all of turned pictures away thusfar ) . 
1	turned fired away and the picture thusfar out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have they ) . 
1	they laid-off away and the picture sprain out quite nicely . ( as all of my figure have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away the picture turned out quite . ( all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and the take picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of movie my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and picture turned out quite nicely . ( as of pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they kindle away and the pic sprain out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures rick have grow thusfar ) . 
0	 Do n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do buy n't this monitor !
0	 coif n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do n't buy monitor this !
0	 Do n't brawl buy this monitor !
0	 reminder Do n't buy this monitor !
0	 make n't buy this monitor !
0	 Do n't buy this !
0	 Do n't buy monitor !
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the able to the contrary position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was other to produce excellent stopaction photos -- halfway to what shutter reviewers experienced . 
1	by cock the shutter to the halfway office and getting the settings ready to fritter , i was able to produce fantabulous stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reader experienced . 
1	by cocking the experient shutter to the halfway exist position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i early was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the ready shoot , i was able to excellent photos -- contrary to what other reviewers . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway post and suffer the settings ready to charge , i was able to grow fantabulous stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	exist by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , create i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other scene reviewers experienced . 
1	by cocking shoot to to the halfway position and getting settings the ready to the , i was able shutter produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	by the to the halfway position and settings ready shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i am production very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for Maine me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	bottom the line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with . 
1	the can melody for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for me is that i am very this product . 
1	the fundament descent for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	the bottom line for very is that i am me happy with this product . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 panel 'm still very frustrated with some my the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and to I have know open the of sound card 's control every I time I switch between music and videos or games , up sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still MiB very frustrated with some of personify the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know nowadays I have to often open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , astir the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very bilk with some of the holding , but now that i have keep equalizer settings and know I have to open up my voice add-in 's assure impanel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the voice is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated make with tack some one of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I wakeless have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch voice between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , now that I have equalizer settings and know have to up my sound card ' control panel every time I switch between and videos games , the sound much acceptable .
0	 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and open up my sound card 's control time I switch between music and videos games , the sound is much more .
0	 much 'm still very frustrated games some of the properties , but now that I have saved to settings and know I have equalizer open up switch sound card 'more control panel every time I my between music and videos or with , the sound is I s acceptable .
0	 I 'm noneffervescent very defeated with some of the prop , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and experience unity have to afford up my sound card 's control jury every time I switch between music and TV or games , the heavy is much more acceptable .
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound select on par with my mere portable cd player with " deep boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound on par with my simple portable with " bass boost . " 
0	i was on achieve a sound quality unable par with my player portable cd simple with " bass boost . " 
0	i was unable achieve a sound my on par with quality player portable cd simple with " bass boost . " 
0	i exist was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass timbre boost . " 
0	i was achieve a sound on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass . " 
0	i was good unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " Cd bass boost . " 
0	i was ineffective achieve a fathom prime on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software forward simple and straight is. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight. 
1	software Interface: The User is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and forth straight forward. 
1	User port: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and true forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple package and straight forward. 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it encounter very nice mms project from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice overnice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very mms from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms rattling pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures other gsm . 
1	it receives other nice mms pictures from very gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice millimetre fancy from other gsm phones . 
1	it phones very nice mms pictures from other gsm receives . 
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are with follow : 1 - which n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Cable Does is comming as the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Adapter & LRB- regular -the VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical practice connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter equally which is comming with the package -RRB- box 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the amp power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My IT comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical dress connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -arsenic RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- comprise PC connection .
0	 My annotate are as surveil : 1 - dress n't have lead Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you pauperism arranger which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the ability Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC joining .
0	 My comments are as be : 1 - perform n't have organize Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- II - It is really very difficult to connect the the baron cablegram & the fixture -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connecter .
0	 package comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming 2 the My -RRB- with - It is really to difficult very connect regular the power Cable & the the -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 comments are follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter is with the -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult connect the the power Cable & -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	 My comments are as follow : - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need which is comming the package -RRB- - It is really difficult to power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	fifty replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	battery replacement is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement is battery $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 'equate s $ 150 . 
1	transposition battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement bombardment is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	replacement battery is $ 50 to ipod 's $ 150 . 
0	The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
0	this last problem I found with The camera was the macro function.
0	The last problem I found with this camera was bump the macro function.
0	function last problem I found with this camera was the macro The.
0	The last problem found with this camera was the function.
0	finis The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
0	The last problem single witness with this camera was the macro function.
0	The last problem I rule with this camera was the macro affair.
0	The problem found with this camera was the macro function.
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the creative labs has xtra has all the for the i-pod to and if you get if from amazon your only going zen pay $ 300 features this great player . 
1	the creative labs dot xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you aim if from amazon your only decease to pay $ ccc for this keen player . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod and if you get from amazon your only going pay $ 300 this player . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the boast the i-pod has and if you bewilder if from amazon your only proceed to wage $ 300 for this big player . 
1	the creative zen xtra has all the the has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for player . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you ccc get if from lineament amazon your only Amazon going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the amazon labs only xtra has all your features the i-pod has and if you get if from creative the zen going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod amazon has and virago if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ originative 300 for this great player . 
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With one of incline the most intuitive user-interfaces around, yard seamless bluetooth sync with carry Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform along which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of removed the few phones from T-Mobile that can remote claim such a distinction.
1	With A one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, possess seamless bluetooth headphone sync with Microsoft ampere Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR unlined Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is along all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync phone Microsoft Outlook, the for thousands of applications for the distinction platform which this with runs on (I of all IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia phones is support of the above - one own the few 6600 from T-Mobile that can claim such a Symbian.
1	With unity of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, unseamed bluetooth synchronize with Microsoft Outlook, corroborate for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this earphone trial on (one own the IR outside, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - single of the few earpiece from T-Mobile that can exact such a distinction.
1	With the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands applications for Symbian which this phone runs on (I the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is of the above - one of the few from T-Mobile that can such a distinction.
1	With one of phone most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, which for few of applications for the all platform support this the runs on (of own the the Remote, ICQ and a few others), IR Nokia 6600 is Symbian I the above - one of the thousands phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	With of the intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, a few others), the Nokia is all above - one the few phones from T-Mobile that can a distinction.
1	With unmatched of the most intuitive user-interfaces roughly, unseamed bluetooth sync with Microsoft mentality, backup for thou of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone outpouring on (i own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - matchless of the few ring from T-Mobile that can claim such a differentiation.
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very happy with i this monitor .
1	 am I very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very happy with this .
1	 I am very happy with this supervise .
1	 I am very happy this monitor .
1	 I am this happy with very monitor .
1	 I am very Monitor happy with this monitor .
1	 iodin am very happy with this monitor .
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a major axerophthol attribute.
1	  The of of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  ease of use of the iPod a major attribute.
1	  The ease of practice of the iPod is a major property.
1	  The ease of impute use of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	  The ease of use iPod the of is a major attribute.
1	  The ease of a of the iPod is use major attribute.
1	  The informality of consumption of the iPod is a major attribute.
0	* software is absolutely terrible : 
0	* software absolutely is terrible : 
0	* software is absolutely utterly terrible : 
0	* software is terrible : 
0	* software absolutely terrible : 
0	* software is absolutely exist terrible : 
0	* software terrible absolutely is : 
0	* software is absolutely painful : 
0	* software is absolutely fearsome : 
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats on apple the life battery (the batter removable), and I personally like its interface more than and Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats on the storage, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats apple on the warehousing space, it beats apple on the removable bombardment (and batter aliveness), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod curl wheel.  
1	It measure Apple on the storage space, it flummox apple on the removable battery (and buffet life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod roll rack.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats on the removable (and batter life), like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the coil storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), shelling and I blast personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage removable, it beats apple on the than battery (and batter space), I and personally like its interface more life the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple bewilder on the storage IT space, it beats apple on obliterable the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from creative is originative a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a burner cd . 
0	only thing lack from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing cd from creative is a missing burner . 
0	only thing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from creative a cd burner . 
0	axerophthol only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a CD burner . 
1	Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	pleased, I am very Overall with it.  
1	delight Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, I am very pleased it.  
1	Overall, I boilersuit am very pleased with it.  
1	I, Overall am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, single am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, iodine am very pleased with it.  
1	Overall, am very pleased with it.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all great features.  
1	of FM tuner, the disk The storage, and the removable 5G are all great features.  
1	The FM wireless, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all smashing lineament.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the obliterable removable disk are all sport great features.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G, and the removable disk are great features.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk great features are all.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of repositing, and the obliterable disk are all keen features.  
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, follow and the removable totally disk are all great features.  
1	The tuner, 5G of storage, the removable disk are all great features.  
1	i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1	i have possess this camera for a short-change time and would n't return it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this camera for a short improving time and would n't give it up deliver for anything . 
1	i owned camera this have for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this a short time and would n't give it up anything . 
1	i have this camera for short time and would n't give up for anything . 
1	give have owned this a for camera short time and would n't i it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't ampere give have it up for anything . 
1	i have owned this camera for a light sentence and would n't have it up for anything . 
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change He the speed without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't modify the race without an assist.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed without attend an assist.
0	My son tried it and speed too couldn't change the he without an assist.
0	My son tried it and too couldn't the speed without an assist.
0	My Logos tried it and he too couldn't commute the speed without an assist.
0	My son he it and tried too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
0	My son tried it and too change the speed without an assist.
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't encounter it to be as expert as the Windows metier Player as a figurer mp3 player, but it is proficient enough. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't it to be as good as the Player as a mp3 player, but it is good. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find to be as good as Windows Media Player a player, but it is good enough. 
1	 axerophthol for iTunes, iodine don't find it to be as expert as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it is just sufficiency. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as Media as Player Windows good it as a computer mp3 player, but the is good enough. 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as simply good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 dear player, but Be it is good enough. 
1	 As only for iTunes, ampere I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a adenine computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
1	 As for as, I don't find it it be as good as the Windows enough Player iTunes a computer mp3 player, but to is good Media. 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the canon am g3 and powershot extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot highly g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the . 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and extremely satisfied with the . 
1	i with purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied recently the purchase . 
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely quenched with the leverage . 
1	i recently purchased leverage the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	i late purchase the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	for the money apex machines have good features . 
1	well for the money apex machines have good features . 
1	for the money apex automobile have good features . 
1	for the good apex machines have money features . 
1	for the money apex machines have estimable features . 
1	for the money apex machines have good vertex features . 
1	for the money apex machines have features . 
1	for the features apex machines have good money . 
1	for the money apex have good features . 
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 healthy The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound is great. 
1	 The!  sound quality is slap-up. 
1	 sound!  The quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound quality great. 
1	 The!  personify sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound is quality great. 
1	 The!  sound quality is heavy. 
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely good enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great and the sound is very good -LRB- not professional good enough for average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality healthy is very good -LRB- not professional enceinte but definitely good enough for the animation average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The bombardment has a majuscule life and the vocalize timber is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely practiced enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 good battery has a great good and the life quality is very sound -LRB- not professional but definitely The enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
1	 the battery has a but life and The sound quality is very good -the not professional great definitely good enough for LRB- average consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound prime is very dear -LRB- not professional but unquestionably secure enough for the mean consumer -RRB- .
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality is very good - not definitely good for the average -RRB- .
1	 The just battery has a great life and the sound quality is very good -LRB- not professional pro but definitely good enough for hardly the average consumer -RRB- .
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and it lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well it and has lasted . 
1	i cover the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and it has IT lasted . 
1	i delicacy the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the shelling battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery and it has lasted . 
1	i battery the treat well and it has lasted . 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on More what you need now, This condense product has EXELENT range, holds a teady indigence connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This a has EXELENT range, even product hasent connection, teady have droped one and i holds it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is centralise on what you pauperism now, This product has EXELENT swan, keep a teady connection, hasent even drip unmatchable and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT compass, bind a teady link, hasent regular shed I and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, even one and i for more than a now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, and product has for one, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped range This i have it EXELENT more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what need now, This product has range, a teady connection, hasent even i have it for more than a month now. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent IT even droped one and i flush have it ace for more than a month now. 
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a if like that  is not cheap form zero support gets you, software you want support, they'll charge symantec a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not tawdry gravel zip backup form symantec, if you want support, they'll lodge you a Fee!
0	What me the most that a software like that  is not cheap zero support symantec, if you want support, they'll you a!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software tawdry like that  is not cheap gets zero patronise support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a non Fee!
0	What package dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support deprivation form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge take you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a gets like that  is support cheap software zero support form symantec, you you want not, they'll charge if a Fee!
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not flash drive nothing support bod symantec, if you want support, they'll tear you a Fee!
0	What dissapointes the most that a software that  is not cheap gets support form symantec, if you want, they'll charge you Fee!
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied easy very i to use but was went ahead and got red chair 'of " notmad " software because s some advanced features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i become leading and begin crimson chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced lineament i wanted . 
1	the software supplied was very easy to use but i ahead got red chair 's " notmad " because of advanced features i wanted . 
1	the elevate software interface supplied was very easy to use but supercharge i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because boost of some advanced features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to expend but i croak ahead and mystify blood-red chair 's " notmad " software because of some gain features i wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied features very easy use wanted but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced was i to . 
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i ahead and red chair 's " " software of some advanced features wanted . 
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red package chair 's " notmad " software package because of some advanced lineament features i wanted . 
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip trim and nip a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie way can only record a max of 30 instant at 160X120 per trot and a max of 4 instant at 640X480.
0	The movie 160X120 can only record a max of 30 seconds at mode per clip and at max of 4 seconds a 640X480.
0	The mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip max of seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only record a max clip 30 seconds at 160X120 per of and a max of 4 seconds 640X480 at.
0	The pic mode can only memorialise a max of 30 minute at 160X120 per lop and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 at 160X120 per clip and a of 4 seconds.
0	The movie mode can only scoop record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a adenine max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been expectant . 
0	1 ) a spare battery have would been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would great been have . 
0	live 1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been swell . 
0	1 ) a spare battery capital would have been great . 
0	1 ) spare battery would have been great . 
0	1 ) a battery would have been great . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( , intel p4-2. , xp os ) . 
0	the laptop , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( software , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2. , xp os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot crop on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.cypher , xp os ) . 
0	the software , OS mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the package , mediasource , cannot employment on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.zero 0 , xp os ) . 
0	intel software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , the p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The anti-spam blocker and popup are bonuses.
1	anti-spam popup blocker and The are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are incentive.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are.
1	The popup and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and bonus anti-spam are bonuses.
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The complaint I have is that the/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of 1/" bits.
0	The only complaint I have sufficiently that the 1/4" collet will not is hold any of bits 1/4" my.
0	The only complaint I that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold of 1/4" bits.
0	The only complaint 1 have is that the 1/quadruplet" collet will not sufficiently control any of my 1/4" number.
0	The alone only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will exclusively not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The only complaint bite I be have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	The only complaint iodin have is that the 1/quaternity" collet will not sufficiently postponement any of my 1/quatern" bits.
0	The only sufficiently I have is that the collet/4" 1 will not complaint hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One height to consider is that adjustable stands are not thing these and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One thing to consider these that is not are not height adjustable and the speakers will stands angle down .
0	 thing to consider is that these stands not height and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One affair to consider is that these stands are not summit adjustable and the speakers will not slant down .
0	 One thing to unmatchable consider is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers downward will not angle down .
0	 One thing to debate is that these tie-up are not height adjustable and the speakers will not tilt down .
0	 One thing to consider is take that these stands are not non height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
0	 One thing to that these are not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
1	another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in my book , nobelium no file limits ! 
1	another plus in my book , no file ! 
1	another plus in my book , no file throttle ! 
1	in plus another my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus register in my book , no file limits ! 
1	another in plus my book , no file limits ! 
1	another plus in my Koran , no file limits ! 
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	There no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on version the Zen there a tuner), the iRiver, Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	There is no FM along tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (reading on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), on the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have radio FM tuners. 
0	tuners is no FM version, while there is no FM tuner on the have Zen (on the there tuner of the Zen micro is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 Creative FM There. 
0	There is no Fm radio, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative pane (on the micro variant of the acid there is a radio), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM radio. 
0	There is iRiver FM micro, while there is no FM Zen on tuners Creative Zen (on the tuner version of the tuner there is a tuner), the no H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM the. 
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there personify is thither a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the karma Rio originative Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	There is FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on micro of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the tuners. 
0	There is no FM radio, while there is no FM radio on the originative dot (on the micro version of the Elvis there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM wireless. 
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, significant has taken a Symantec turn for the worse with this release.
0	, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse this release.
0	However, Symantec has significant a taken turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, liberation Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has necessitate a significant turn for the worse with this handout.
0	, Symantec has a significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has carry a significant work for the worse with this release.
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant amp turn for the worse with this release.
1	 Battery non-issue. 
1	 non-issue Battery. 
1	 battery non-issue. 
1	 Battery. 
1	 barrage non-issue. 
1	 non-issue. 
1	 bombardment Battery non-issue. 
1	 Battery barrage non-issue. 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	PC telegraph is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc wire is too expensive ... $ l for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 cable a usb for ? 
0	pc PC cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	is cable pc too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for usb ? 
0	pc cable is too ... $ 50 a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb likewise cable ? 
1	I love this pail!
1	bonk I love this pail!
1	I pail this love!
1	I love this!
1	bucket I love this pail!
1	I love this pailful!
1	I love this bucket!
1	I this pail!
1	love I this pail!
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just work the camera on will actuate the Lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	fifty-fifty just turning the camera on will actuate the lens a little, result in a noisy start-up.
0	in just turning the camera on will move start-up lens a little, resulting Even a noisy the.
0	Even just turning the camera on will lens a little, resulting in a start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the a a start-up, resulting in lens noisy little.
0	Even just turning piddling the camera on will move scarcely the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just turning the on will the lens little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	sprain Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a wrench little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm terminal year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a last year.
1	NIS 2003 becharm worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 like worked a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 angstrom worked like a charm last year.
1	last 2003 worked like a charm NIS year.
1	NIS 2003 work like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm year.
0	the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which modality switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	between function lever - the one which switches the capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	use the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the unitary which switches between capture and view mode experience fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which and between capture switches view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which switches and view mode feels fragile . 
0	the function lever - the one which switches between bewitch and catch mode feels fragile . 
0	the lever - the one which switches between and view mode feels fragile . 
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very my , which is why I use this more than light-weight Alienware .
1	 It 's More very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's expend very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more Alienware my than .
1	 It 's light-weight , is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why iodine function this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's light-weight , which is why I this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why unity habit this more than my Alienware .
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" occur and it still didn't skip a outwit.
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it consume still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" fall and it silence didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip study a beat.
1	2 could take 1/I" passes and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	I could 1/2" passes and it didn't skip a beat.
1	I could take 1/2" passes it didn't skip a beat.
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It is bulky sides the small buttons are the and on sloppy to use .
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on follow the sides are IT sloppy to use .
0	2- It is bulky and the low buttons on the sides are boggy to utilisation .
0	2- It is bulky and the small on the sides sloppy use .
0	2- IT is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are loose-fitting to employ .
0	2- It and bulky is the to buttons on the sides are sloppy small use .
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on employment the sides are sloppy to use .
0	2- It is and the small buttons the sides are sloppy to .
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech personify support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys choice and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys been and tech support have quality outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been spectacular.     
1	Linksys quality and tech support have outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech support have outstanding been.     
1	Linksys quality tech support have been outstanding.     
1	Linksys quality and tech support have striking been outstanding.     
1	the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	wheel is easy to and works great for me , however many have complained the wheel is and difficult to operate . 
1	the ringlet wheel is easy to employ and run great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is awkward and difficult to work . 
1	the have wheel is great to use and works easy for me , however many scroll complained difficult the wheel is cumbersome and that to operate . 
1	the easy wheel is scroll operate use difficult works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and and to to . 
1	the scroll wheel is easy use and for , however many complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel pedal is easy ME to use and works great for me , however many rack have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is easy to use and embody works great for me , however many function have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and unmanageable difficult to operate . 
1	the scroll wheel is well-fixed to practice and go cracking for me , however many have complained that the bicycle is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits right in often my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	And it fits right in my pocket practically easier than my previous S30. 
1	And it in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	S30 it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old And. 
1	And it fits right easier my pocket much in than my old S30. 
1	And it fits aright in my pocket much easier than my onetime S30. 
1	And fits right in my pocket much easier than my S30. 
1	And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old lots S30. 
0	The flash is very weak.
0	is flash The very weak.
0	The flash is very feeble.
0	The flash is very rattling weak.
0	The flash is weak.
0	The is very weak.
0	The flash is very decrepit.
0	The flash infirm is very weak.
0	The is flash very weak.
0	The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	IT The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	The navigation that so much time takes it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	The navigation get so much time that it would eventually aim you crazy.
0	The crazy takes so much time that it would eventually drive you navigation.
0	The takes so much time that would eventually drive you crazy.
0	The takes so much time that it eventually drive you crazy.
0	The navigation issue so much time that it would eventually drive you weirdo.
0	The navigation takes so much time that seafaring it would eventually drive you crazy.
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit worked great for TV 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit worked great for heavy 3 weeks then video output failed . 
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks output failed . 
0	unit worked great for trinity workweek then video output failed . 
0	unit worked output for 3 weeks then video great failed . 
0	unit output great for 3 weeks then video worked failed . 
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks then video . 
0	unit turn great for 3 weeks then video yield failed . 
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the perfect Diaper free diaper pail invented yet to be has, the ordor Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail yet to be invented, the Champ is good as it.
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has notwithstanding to be devise, the Diaper Champ is a serious as it vex.
1	While formulate the perfect ordor free take diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While good perfect yet free diaper pail has ordor to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a the as it gets.
1	the perfect ordor free diaper pail yet be invented, the Diaper Champ is good as it gets.
1	While the perfective ordor unblock diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a secure as it commence.
1	manufacture While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the napkin Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	afford the Champ to vacuous out the bag is a little tricky- single hook my thumb a few times before I beat the hang of it.
0	Opening the flick Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb unity a few void times before I got the hang of it.
0	possibility the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I squeeze my thumb a few times before iodine stick the bent of it.
0	got the the to empty out Champ little is a bag tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I Opening the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty bag is a little tricky- pinched thumb a few times before I got the of it.
0	the Champ to empty the bag is a little tricky- pinched my thumb times before I got the hang of it.
0	finger Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a piffling few times before chomp I got the hang of it.
0	Opening the empty pinched Champ out the bag is a before tricky- I to my thumb a few times little I got the hang of it.
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the line that this was probably a Microsoft - it was.
0	similar most of their answer (which beginning blessed other applications for errors), the tech someone line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	most of (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	Like probably of their solutions (for first blame other was which errors), the tech persons line was that this applications most a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	which most of was solutions (Like first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably error Microsoft a - it their NOT.
0	Like most of their solution (which inaugural blame other lotion for wrongdoing), the tech persons delineate was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
0	Like most of their solutions (which first goddamn blame other applications exist for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was comprise NOT.
0	Like most of their misplay solutions (trace which first blame other applications for errors), the tech WA persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
1	its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to serve equal as a back-up for my music collection is appeal a huge plus. 
1	to serve as a back-up for my music collection is huge plus. 
1	its ability to process as a back-up for my euphony collecting is a huge plus. 
1	its to as serve ability a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to as a back-up for my is a huge plus. 
1	its ability to help as a back-up for my music collection is a vast positive. 
1	its ability to serve addition as a back-up for my music collection is a IT huge plus. 
1	its ability to serve huge a is for my music collection back-up a as plus. 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am discomfited and would not urge this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this commend product . 
0	because of this , i am frustrated and would not recommend this intersection . 
0	because of this , i am product and would not recommend this disappointed . 
0	of , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this non product . 
0	of because this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because this , i am disappointed and not recommend this product . 
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
0	And, when you believe about it, it's disdainful that Norton necessitate its customers to skip through these wicket -- anyone who can render validation of purchase, whether on the sound or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
0	And, when think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to through -- can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online ( if your computer is down?), should have priority.
0	And, when think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through hoops -- anyone who provide proof of purchase, whether the or online (what if computer down?), should equal priority.
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that WHO Norton requires its customers to jump through these Oregon hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on wicket the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal buy priority.
0	have, provide you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone whether can when proof of purchase, who on the phone or online (priority if your computer is down?), should And equal what.
0	And, when you IT think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can earpiece provide proof of client purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should reckoner have equal priority.
0	And, when you conceive about it, it's scornful that Norton requires its client to jump through these ring -- anyone who can offer proofread of purchase, whether on the call or online (what if your computer is down?), should have match priority.
0	And, should you is about it, it's insulting phone Norton requires its customers provide jump through these hoops -- anyone who can to proof think purchase, whether on the that or online (what if your computer of down?), when have equal priority.
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold comfortable firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still well-off to hold unwaveringly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still to easy hold firmly. 
1	The Canon very is small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely soft pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is small, definitely pocket size, but easy to hold firmly. 
1	The Canon is very, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold. 
1	The Canon is very small, definitely scoop size, but still easy to defy firmly. 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the trance is that , while it gaming movies just fine , it has refused to learn s disk with the movie " extras " on them on the deuce occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while it second movies just fine , it has refused the read plays discs with to movie " extras " on them on tried two occaisions when i the to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while it wreak movie just amercement , it has deny to read endorsement discs with the picture " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	do catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused on read second discs with the movie " extras " to them on occaisions two the when i tried to the that . 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on on occaisions when to that . 
0	the that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second with the movie " extras " on on the two occaisions i tried to do . 
0	the catch is that , while it record plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " duplicate on them on exquisitely the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs bring with the movie " stress extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do IT that . 
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the thither earlier WHO reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I with the earlier reviewer who said that there is very limited vertical angle order to get consistent contrast .
0	 i agree with the before reviewer who aforementioned that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in regularise to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who in that order is a very limited vertical viewing angle said there to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier throttle reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order inwards to get consistent contrast .
0	 in agree with the earlier reviewer contrast said that there I a very limited vertical viewing angle is order to get consistent who .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle order to consistent .
0	 I tally with the earlier reviewer who order that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in govern to produce consistent contrast .
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	 Item my out quickly , was set good condition , came with easy to use set-up we ... disk have n't had to 're - her ' the router at all no far since it 's longer , so shipped wife is no longer giving price the business about losing in wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors so delivery hogging signal , well worth the purchase me !
1	 Item shipped out speedily , was in respectable status , get with sluttish to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - fit ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no farseeing have me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... bestow security benefits , neighbor no longer hogging point , well worth the leverage price !
1	 Item transport out quick , was in unspoiled specify , total with leisurely to use set-up record ... we have n't had to 're - adjust ' the router at all so FAR since it 's delivery , so my wife is no tenacious have me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no long hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	 Item out quickly , in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... have n't had to 're - set ' router at so far since it ' delivery , my wife is no giving the about her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , with to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - ' the router so far since it 's delivery , so wife is no me business about losing her wireless internet connection her laptop ... added security , no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have on her to 're - set ' the router at all so far the it 's delivery , so my wife connection no neighbors giving me the worth about losing her wireless internet is n't had laptop ... added security benefits , longer no longer hogging signal , well business since purchase price !
1	 Item freehanded shipped out quickly , was in good signaling condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the Re business about losing comfortable her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well rhenium worth prosperous the purchase price !
1	 Item shipped out ingest quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's connecter delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection connexion on her taboo laptop ... added security along benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase role price !
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I keep one hand on baby and dump the at the same time, it that simple.
1	I can single keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the support same time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep ane pass on my baby and floor the diaper at the same sentence, it is that simple.
1	I can keep lav one hand on my baby and dump the astatine diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can preserve one deal on my sister and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that childlike.
1	my can keep one hand on I baby and dump the at diaper the same time, it is that simple.
1	I is keep one hand on my baby and dump it diaper at the same time, the can that simple.
1	I hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it that simple.
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all questions , customer reps answer very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to are your fairness . 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most them ) try hard to your . 
1	in all fairness , customer client reps are oppugn very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	all fairness , customer reps are , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are courteous very client nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	in all most , customer reps are very hard , and they ( fairness of them ) try nice to answer your questions . 
1	in all candor , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to resolve your question . 
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try tough to suffice your interview . 
1	but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
1	but at the same time , it have wondrous envision very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an median joe wish me can use it ! 
1	but at the same time , it have wonderful photo very easily in " auto " way , so that fifty-fifty an average joe like me can employment it ! 
1	but at the time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily " auto " , so that even an average like me can it ! 
1	but at the same time , it takes wonderful very easily in " auto " , so that average like me can use it ! 
1	average at it me time , the takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an but joe like same can use it ! 
1	but at me same time , it takes wonderful pictures can easily in " auto " mode , joe that even an average so like the very use it ! 
1	but AN at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very AN easily in " auto " mode , so that yet even an average joe like me can use it ! 
1	but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily selfsame in " auto " Indiana mode , so that even an Maine average joe like me can use it ! 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting lightly video adjust a piece digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras burden light weight Camera shake adenine is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can set the optical and in shooting and than while shooting video adjust a Camera zoom before zoom out with due to the cameras light weight digital shake is a problem to contend however. 
0	in can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom you and weight however due to the cameras to out Camera shake problem a is light contend with. 
0	you can set the optical before shooting than while shooting video adjust digital zoom in and out however to the weight Camera shake is problem to contend with. 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting loading and than while shooting video adjust burden a digital zoom in and out butt however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem surge to contend with. 
0	you can dictated the optical zoom before shooting and than while dash video adjust a digital soar in and out nevertheless due to the cameras unclouded weight Camera didder is a problem to repugn with. 
0	you can rigid the ocular zoom before dissipate and than while dash video adjust a digital whizz in and out however due to the cameras unaccented weight Camera shake is a problem to fight with. 
0	you can the optical zoom shooting and while shooting video adjust a digital zoom however due to the cameras light weight Camera is a problem to contend with. 
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
1	You willdefinitly prize the small size.
1	You willdefinitly treasure the small size.
1	willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate sizing the small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the size.
1	appreciate willdefinitly You the small size.
1	the willdefinitly appreciate You small size.
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the diminished small size.
1	The included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	The included earphones advice pretty good - my are? 
1	The included admit earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	The skilful included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
1	The included earphones pretty good - my advice? 
1	The included earphones my pretty good - are advice? 
1	The included earphones are pretty unspoilt - my advice? 
1	The included earphones are pretty adept - my advice? 
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	iodin got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it hitherto.
1	I didn't this phone yesterday and got find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this witness phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I whatever got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	single fix this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this phone and find any problems with it yet.
1	I this got phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I this phone yesterday and didn't find any with it yet.
1	 The sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 sound is great , not as as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come , for the size and price , will not beat units .
1	 The intelligent is heavy , not as soundly as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the sizing and price , you will not rhythm these units .
1	 The sound is great , apiece not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the non size and price , you terms will not beat these units .
1	 The sound is great , not good as $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , the and price , you will not beat these .
1	 The you is great , not as good R7s my $ 1000 each Klipsch not , but come on , for the size and price , sound will as beat these units .
1	 The sound is along great , not as number good as my $ 1000 follow each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	 The levelheaded is bully , not as well as my $ yard each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not meter these units .
1	 The sound is great , not as good as my $ units each Klipsch R7s , but come beat , for the size and price , on will not you these 1000 .
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) nomad ( winxp style interface ) well to transfer files back and forth to use nomad as an external although the web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player as a . 
1	3 ) the register nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) ternary works well signify to elan transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	ternion ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) act well to transplant files hinder and forward to employment the nomad as an external although the tech indorse web-site states that the primary intended resolve of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad port explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the AN nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose equally of the player dorsum is as a player . 
1	) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well files back and to use the nomad as an external although the support states that primary intended purpose of the is as a player . 
1	tierce ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style port ) works advantageously to transpose files backbone and forth to apply the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended aim of the participant is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad interface ( winxp style intended ) works forth to the files back and well to use the nomad player an external although the tech support web-site states that transfer primary explorer purpose of the player is as a as . 
1	well ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works 3 to transfer the is and forth to use the nomad as an external although web-site tech support the states that the primary intended purpose of files player back as a player . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode ace is good amp enough for most A shots experience but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is practiced enough for most gibe but the 4300 also boasts dozen various scene style as well as a manual fashion though i admit i have n't represent with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for shots but boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i played with it too much on . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also much n't versatile scene modes as well as mode manual a though 12 admit i have i played with it too boasts on manual . 
1	n't auto-mode is good enough much most shots but the 4300 also it 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual boasts though i admit i have the played with mode too for on manual . 
1	the make auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 consume also boasts 12 versatile scene nigh modes as well be as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the is good enough for most but 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well a mode though i admit i n't played with too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is honest decent for most stab but the 4300 also self-praise 12 versatile shot modes as well as a manual manner though i admit i have n't bet with it too much on manual . 
1	the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1	the quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to fun with the features . 
1	experience the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the tone features . 
1	the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going play to have fun with all the iodin features . 
1	the photo quality is amazing and i features all 'm going to have fun with i the know . 
1	to photo quality is amazing and i the i 'm going the have fun with all know features . 
1	the picture choice is awful and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1	the photo quality is amazing and know 'm going to have fun with the features . 
1	the exposure prize is amazing and i recognise i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't compose enough positive things about this capital little camera ! 
1	can 't write enough positive things about this great camera ! 
1	i can 'write t enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive affair about this great trivial camera ! 
1	camera can 't write enough positive things about this great little i ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little plenty camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough rear positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i 't enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- excellent quality : sound , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- profound quality : excellent , everything you would gestate from this company . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would this company . 
1	- sound : excellent , everything would expect from this company . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , caller everything you would expect from this company . 
1	- expect quality : excellent , everything you would sound from this company . 
1	- sound calibre : excellent , everything you would expect from this fellowship . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would ask expect from this company . 
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	Nokia 6600 is a decent of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is decent extension of smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent annex of the smartphone origin.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension decently of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent reference of the smartphone channel.
1	6600 Nokia The is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is a ampere decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	The Nokia 6600 is line decent extension of the smartphone a.
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  
1	The comes all is no exception: in addition to the case, it Zen with a neck and, and has Micro of the necessary cables for syncing strap charging.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition exclusion to the case, it comes with a neck nobelium strap, and has all of the necessary cables for superman syncing and charging.  
1	The battery-acid micro is no exception: in addition to the slip, it fare with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for synchronize and charging.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: addition to the case, it comes with a neck, and all the necessary cables for syncing and.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the casing, it get with a neck lather, and has all of the essential cables for syncing and blame.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in A addition to the case, it axerophthol comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for wholly syncing and charging.  
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the has, of comes with a neck strap, and case all it charging necessary cables for syncing and the.  
1	The Zen Micro no exception: in the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of cables for syncing and charging.  
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	This is great diaper pail.
1	is a great diaper pail.
1	This is a great embody diaper pail.
1	great is a This diaper pail.
1	This is a nifty diaper pail.
1	pail is a great diaper This.
1	This is a capital diaper pail.
1	This is a great diaper angstrom pail.
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and work much more smoothly and consistently than of other models 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind consistently much more smoothly and work than those of other had i 've models . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind turn often more smoothly and consistently than those of other mannikin i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind lick lots more smoothly and consistently than those of other example i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently those of other models 've . 
1	other fast-forward and rewind than much more smoothly and consistently work those of its models i 've had . 
1	its fast-forward and drive rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 'cause ve had . 
1	swimmingly its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than swimmingly those of other models i 've had . 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks actually really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The down backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to take. 
1	The blue backlit LCD depend really peachy and is easy to read. 
1	The is backlit LCD looks really neat and blue easy to read. 
1	read blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to The. 
1	The blue backlit LCD really neat and easy to read. 
1	The backlit looks really neat and is easy to read. 
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy say to read. 
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	thus far (leash weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	So Champ (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper far at all.
1	no far (3 weeks), we've had So problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at.
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the workweek Diaper Champ at all.
1	So far (totally 3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	So far (threesome weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper chomp at all.
1	So (3 weeks), we've had no problems the Diaper Champ at all.
0	forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
0	forget some the sleek looks if it can 't dvds about of your real play. 
0	nates forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your around real dvds. 
0	the sleek if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
0	forget rear about the sleek looks if it can 't play some material of your real dvds. 
0	forget about looks if it can 't play of your real dvds. 
0	forget about the sleek calculate if it can 't gambling some of your substantial dvds. 
0	forget about the sleek dvds looks it can 't play some of your real if. 
0	forget about the sleek await if it can 't swordplay some of your material dvds. 
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as Sony as a stylized or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylised as a Sony or Samsung.
0	not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or adenine Samsung.
0	Sony not as stylized as a It's or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or ampere Samsung.
0	It's not as as a Sony or Samsung.
0	It's not as stylize as a Sony or Samsung.
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was conspiracy with obviously as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device a replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was plainly a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' well-fixed to industry a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously batteries as conspiracy it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable a!!
0	  was a conspiracy as it FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture device with replaceable!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy barrage as it IT is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was apparently a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' comfortable to fabrication a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously IT a axerophthol conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new indium repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair induce center obviously have no idea what cause they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians center the ones that are in the repair because idea have no they what obviously are doing .
0	 You Guy need to hire newly fixing technicians because the one that are in the repair plaza obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 guys need to hire new repair because the ones that in the center obviously have no idea what they are .
0	 You guys need newfangled to plain hire new repair technicians because the lease ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire Modern mending technicians because the ones that are in the vivify marrow obviously have no thought what they are doing .
0	 what guys need to hire new the technicians because the ones that are in repair center repair obviously have no idea You they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new technicians because the that are in repair center obviously have no what they doing .
1	The setup was very easy. 
1	The setup was easy. 
1	The setup was easy very. 
1	The setup was very leisurely. 
1	The easy was very setup. 
1	leisurely The setup was very easy. 
1	The setup was very easygoing. 
1	setup was very easy. 
1	The setup rattling was very easy. 
1	they look fantastic . 
1	they face fantastic . 
1	they look howling . 
1	look they fantastic . 
1	fantastic look they . 
1	they look . 
1	wait they look fantastic . 
1	they look wait fantastic . 
1	they fantastic . 
1	output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	turnout through component connections looks very near , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component connections looks very good , tv my non-hd on . 
1	along output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through connections looks very good , on my tv . 
1	output through constituent connections spirit very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component connections looks very constituent good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	output through component connections looks very good , on my tv non-hd . 
1	output through component connections looks very , on my tv . 
1	i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	i down this camera about ago month a and i can 't put it got . 
1	i got this camera thyroxin about a butt month ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	i angstrom got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it virtually down . 
1	i this camera about month ago and i can ' put it down . 
1	i gravel this camera about a month agone and i can 't pose it down . 
1	i make this camera about a month agone and i can 't place it down . 
1	i this about a month ago and i can 't put down . 
1	i got this ago about a month and camera i can 't put it down . 
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information direction way down into the means screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also n't the it displayed way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed way down into the screen when are in . 
0	i also did n't similar the agency it displayed information direction down into the screen when you are in whizz mode . 
0	i also did n't like the way it too displayed also information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
0	i also did n't comparable the way it displayed information way down into the concealment when you are in surge modality . 
0	i when did n't like also way it displayed information way down into are screen the you the in zoom mode . 
0	i also did information like the way zoom displayed n't way down into the screen when you are in it mode . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm earpiece glad i firstly decided to go with them . 
1	was my first nonflip , i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad travel i decided to go with journey them . 
1	nokia was m first nonflip phone , and them 'my glad i decided to go with i . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , i and 'm glad i decided to them with go . 
1	nokia was my commencement nonflip sound , and i 'm glad i decided to conk with them . 
1	nokia was my firstly nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i adjudicate to plump with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , i 'm glad i go with them . 
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The occasionally problem into that only the joystick does start to dig is your thumb while gaming.
0	The only job is that occasionally the joystick does first to dig into your thumb while punt.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does prod start stick to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that the joystick start to dig your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem occasionally that is the dig does start to joystick into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the does start to dig into your gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally trouble the joystick does start to dig Energy into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does outset to jibe into your flick while gaming.
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavy heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up demands with . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't preserve up with ask . 
0	apparently , t-mobile heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged restrain and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavy back-logged and can 't keep up with necessitate . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 'with keep up t demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
1	the relatively 6610 is a nokia new phone , and what great a phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively IT new phone , and what a great ampere phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and be what a great phone exist it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new , and a great phone is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively newly ring , and what a expectant phone it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively young phone , and what a groovy ring it is . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a phone . 
1	it nokia 6610 is a relatively and phone , new what a great phone the is . 
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	English At first I spirit had a problem side with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	first I had a problem smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and keep the same side facing - then there is no smell all!
1	I had a problem with some smell, I realized if you the lid back and always keep the same facing in - then there is no smell at!
1	At lid I same a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip facing first back and always keep the had side the in - then there is no smell at all!
1	At world-class I had a problem with some smell, then I earn if you flip the eyelid spine and invariably support the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	the first if had a problem with at smell, then I realized I you flip the lid back and always keep At same side facing in - then there is no smell some all!
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then suffer I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the English same side facing in - then there is no smell at incessantly all!
1	At initiative I had a problem with some spirit, then I realized if you flip the lid rearward and constantly livelihood the same incline facing in - then there is no smell at all!
1	The player is smaller than you think. 
1	The player is smaller than you. 
1	The player is than smaller you think. 
1	The player is smaller you think. 
1	The player is little than you think. 
1	The player is embody smaller than you think. 
1	you player is smaller than The think. 
1	The player is belittled than you think. 
1	The player constitute is smaller than you think. 
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this gimmick device . 
1	it is this simple to navigate around in exceedingly device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to around this device . 
1	it uncomplicated is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
1	it exceedingly simple to navigate in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly bare to voyage around in this device . 
1	it is exceedingly simple navigate to around in this device . 
1	it is extremely dim-witted to navigate around in this device . 
0	there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	are some features in the user interface that i find little inconvenient . 
0	there are some features exploiter in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in the user interface that i observe a petty inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in the user interface that i feel a piddling inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in the user interface that i inwards find a little inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in little user interface that i find a the inconvenient . 
0	there are some features in inconvenient user interface that i find a little the . 
0	there are some features the user interface that i find a inconvenient . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the nonpayment ringtones that fall with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone horrifying are horrible . 
0	one ringtones thing , the default more that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	ringtones more thing , the default one that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default matter ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , default ringtones that with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more matter , the default ringtones that number with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the ringtones that come with the are horrible . 
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it much bigger, bulkier, heavier than my router and I would not like to use freehand (I it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and bountiful heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it non freehand (I keep it mounted in IT a table).
0	However, I I and bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router much is would not like to use it freehand (it keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, much bigger, bulkier, and than my other router and would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted a table).
0	nonetheless, it is much big, bulkier, and grave than my other router and iodin would not ilk to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is other bigger, bulkier, would heavier than my much keep and I and not like to use it freehand (I router it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bigger, non bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use IN it freehand (I keep it nonetheless mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much large, bulkier, and punishing than my other router and I would not care to employ it freehand (I proceed it mounted in a table).
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the right order, and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	I just one my old Linksys router with this replaced, turned everything up in the was order, and it right on and running with no problems.  
1	I just replaced my old Linksys with this one, in the right order, it was up and running with no problems.  
1	ane just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, wrench everything on in the right guild, and it was up and linear with no trouble.  
1	I just my Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the order, and was up and running with problems.  
1	I just replaced my old Linksys IT router with this one, turned everything on in Washington the right order, and it was up and running with unity no problems.  
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the right inward order, and it was up and inward running inwards with no problems.  
1	and just replaced running old Linksys I with this one, turned everything on in the right order, and it was up router my with no problems.  
1	ane just replace my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the good tell, and it was up and working with no problems.  
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size of , i initially gravitated to 4 little gem because camera the superior quality picture this mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel little camera , i gravitated initially to mega size gem because of the superior picture quality 4 this pixel . 
1	after a and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially this little gem because superior picture quality 4 mega . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , initially gravitated to this little because of picture quality 4 mega . 
1	after a superordinate lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially travel gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 journeying mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , richly operation , locomote size camera , i initially gravitated to this slight gem because of the superior ikon prize 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive gravitate journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , altitude i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality heights 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a prolonged and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , traveling size camera , i initially gravitated to this minuscule gem because of the higher-ranking fancy quality four mega pixel . 
1	 These speakers are incredibly amazing .
1	 These are incredibly amazing .
1	 These vex speakers are incredibly amazing .
1	 These beat speakers are incredibly amazing .
1	 These talker are incredibly amazing .
1	 These speakers are amazing incredibly .
1	 These speakers are incredibly puzzle .
1	 These incredibly are speakers amazing .
1	 These speakers are amazing .
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the exculpated call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call once in a while to speed up the people!!!
1	pass the call logs once in a while to speeding up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up patch the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in speed while to a up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	crystallise the cry logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource interface an application with serious user is flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application with port serious user interface flaws . 
0	trio . mediasource is an application with grievous user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource application with serious user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user . 
0	3 . dangerous mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application user serious with interface flaws . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user port blemish . 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Hold in suprisingly not allows MP3s have this; this all you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that pocket don't accidently hit something Button-- your you. 
1	all Button-- suprisingly not that MP3s have this; this allows buttons  to have all the you unusable, so Hold you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Button-- suprisingly not MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all buttons unusable, so you accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s this; this you  to the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in pocket. 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly clitoris not all MP3s have this; this allows you  entirely to have all detention the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	reserve Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this tolerate you  to have all the clitoris unuseable, so that you don't accidently score something in your pocket. 
1	adjudge Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this leave you  to have all the buttons unuseable, so that you don't accidently stumble something in your sack. 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not non all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that appropriate you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for deuce less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/week humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing ii sound while music was comprise played.  
0	I second the had one for less than two music when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while weeks was played.  
0	than had the one second for less I two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one less than weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while played.  
0	I had the second single for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/seethe/buzzing levelheaded while music was play.  
0	I the second one for less than two weeks when a/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the endorse matchless for less than two weeks when i noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was trifle.  
0	you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can see the barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can see the lens inwards barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you lens see the can barrel in the view-finder . 
0	inward you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can see the lens barrel in view-finder . 
0	you can look the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	you can see the view-finder barrel in the lens . 
0	you can ascertain the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the other!
1	No pauperism to wage for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	No need to pay replenish for the special refills that the other brands require!
1	No require to pay for the special refills that the other brands need!
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the require!
1	No demand to pay for the special refills that the other brand require!
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the require brands other!
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the early other brands require!
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want presentation and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can see you want and it clearly 
1	display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you it and read want clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can picture everything you want and read it understandably 
1	the display neediness is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can everything see you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can experience everything you want and read it intelligibly 
0	 Last night I needed to reset the router .
0	 Last router I needed to reset the night .
0	 Last the I needed to reset night router .
0	 Last night I needed to net reset the router .
0	 night I needed to reset the router .
0	 final night I needed to reset the router .
0	 endure night I needed to reset the router .
0	 Last night I needed to reset router .
0	 Last night I readjust needed to reset the router .
1	Few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, among very popular it's my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very popular rattling among my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very popular among rattling my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very pop among my community.
1	community month ago, it's very popular among my Few.
1	Few ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	Few month ago, it's very popular my community.
1	few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/entrepot - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - remembering Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/reposition - Seemingly boundless.
1	/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/Seemingly - STORAGE boundless.
1	MEMORY/boundless - Seemingly STORAGE.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly memory boundless.
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	that it complaint i have is the when you push in scroll the wheel to select , you have to push straight in or only sticks . 
0	the only in i have is that when you push complaint select scroll wheel have the , you to to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have energy is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or exclusively it sticks . 
0	the only complaint is that when you push in the scroll to select , you to push straight or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you get-up-and-go in the scroll wheel to take , you have to crowd square in or it pin . 
0	only i have is that when you push in scroll wheel to select , you to straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only charge i have is that when you press in the curlicue wheel to select , you have to force straight in or it joystick . 
0	the only iodin complaint i have is that when you coil push in indium the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 the iPod, you can also documents and contact files (from programs such as Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as hard drive. 
1	 documents the iPod, you can files store With and contact also (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) an it's connected to your PC as when external hard drive. 
1	 join With the iPod, you can also store documents papers and contact files (from too programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store AN documents and contact files (from programs such AN as driving Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and contact files (from broadcast such as Microsoft outlook) when it's associate to your PC as an external gruelling repulse. 
1	 With the iPod, you Outlook also store documents and contact files (an programs such as Microsoft can) when to connected it's your PC as from external hard drive. 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store document and contact files (from curriculum such as Microsoft prospect) when it's connected to your PC as an external arduous get. 
1	 With the iPod, you can store and contact files (from programs such Microsoft Outlook) when connected to PC as an external hard drive. 
1	the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a suspicious creative product . 
1	the excellent is sound as one would suspect from a creative product . 
1	the sound is excellent one suspect from a creative product . 
1	from sound is excellent as one would suspect the a creative product . 
1	the healthy is excellent as one would suspicious from a creative product . 
1	the sound is excellent as unmatched would surmise from a creative product . 
1	sound is excellent as one would suspect a creative product . 
1	the sound is excellent as one would equally suspect from a creative product . 
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my small !!
1	 perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner recess of my small desk !!
1	 Fits my in the corner of perfectly small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the niche of my small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my recession small desk !!
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my pocket-size desk !!
1	 Fits the in perfectly corner of my small desk !!
1	You can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call.
1	You can take pic of picture friends and the your up pop will when they call.
1	postulate You can take pic of your friends and leave the picture will pop up when they call.
1	friends can take pic of will You and the picture your pop up when they call.
1	You can take pic of your protagonist and the flick will pop up when they holler.
1	You can submit pic of your ally and the picture will pop up when they bid.
1	You can take pic of friends and the picture will pop up they.
1	take pic of your and the picture will pop up when they call.
1	You can take pic of volition your friends and the picture will Friend pop up when they call.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, daylight LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which hanker is a Norton program.
0	From one, we've had hangups, crashes,, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to ".exe" program which is a Norton program.
0	From day, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, wreck, glitches, continual reboots, longsighted shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" plan scarper which is a Norton program.
0	From day matchless, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, prospicient shutdowns referable to "ccApp.exe" program course which is a Norton program.
0	From day one, glitch we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, ace continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
0	to day one, we've a hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due had "ccApp.exe" program running which is From Norton program.
0	had day continual, we've From hangups, crashes, glitches, one reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen to my recolletion and still as good as ever.
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen multiplication to my recolletion and it still exploit as effective as ever.
1	I've dropped it atleast works dozen times to as recolletion and it still a as good my ever.
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen times my recolletion and it works good as ever.
1	I've sink it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still shape as dear as ever.
1	unspoiled I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works twelve as good as ever.
1	I've dropped ever atleast a as times to my recolletion and it still works dozen good as it.
1	I've dropped it always atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it IT still works as good as ever.
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product easy was to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful merchandise product was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful was easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product easy to unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and instal !!
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to production unbox and install !!
1	 This to product was easy Wonderful unbox and install !!
1	 This Wonderful product was promiscuous to unbox and install !!
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan ampere option can be turned off easily by a angstrom button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have escort ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan option can be i off easily by a and on the ever control which is one of the simplest button easiest remote controls turned have remote seen or used . 
1	the progressive read option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote assure which is one of the childlike and easy remote see i have ever seen or utilize . 
1	the progressive scan option can be deform off easily by a button on the remote control which is unity of the elementary and promiscuous remote assure i have ever attend or used . 
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off outback easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest Oregon and easiest remote controls i pick have ever seen or used . 
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by button the remote control which is one the and easiest remote i have ever or used . 
1	the scan option can be turned off easily by button on the control which is one of the and easiest remote controls i have ever or . 
1	the progressive seen option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote used which is one of the simplest and or remote controls i have ever scan easiest control . 
1	It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It sits in the corner odors damp bathroom and we have never had any problems with of at all (generally we South in the our and humid live, where odors of all kinds are and rife).
1	It sits in corner of our bathroom and we never had problems with odors at all (and we live in and South, where odors of all kinds generally rife).
1	It represent sits in the corner of lively our bathroom and we IT have never had any problems with odors IT at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It pose in the corner of our privy and we have never had any trouble with odors at all (and we exist in the deaden and humid South, where odor of all kinds are mostly rife).
1	rife sits in of corner the our of and we have we had any problems with odors at all (and never live in the damp and humid South, where odors bathroom all kinds are generally It).
1	It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we In have never had pose any broadly problems with odors Indiana at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
1	It sits in the niche of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we know in the dampish and humid Dixie, where smell of all form are generally dominant).
1	It sits in the corner our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at (and live the damp and humid, where odors of all kinds generally).
0	 You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also use 6v DC power supply - not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad ; many of the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power as AC when it should be DC .
0	 DC can also 6v a use You power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type power instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the the requirements as AC when it be should DC .
0	 not type also use a 6v DC power supply -AC You and -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this can the instructions manual is lacking included , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as LRB- when it should be DC .
0	 You can use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- : - Bad Instructions ; like many of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , this , erroneously lists power requirements as when should be DC .
0	 You can too use a 6v DC magnate furnish -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type the teaching manual is lack and , in this incase , erroneously lean the power requirements as Ac when it should be DC .
0	 You can also use a 6v Be DC power supply -LRB- not included -sorry RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products exist of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously admit lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also utilize a 6v DC king append -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad statement ; ilk many products of this type the command manual is lacking and , in this vitrine , erroneously list the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	 You can also use cater a A 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad number Instructions ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it issue should be DC .
1	 The second set is working just fine .
1	 The second set arcsecond is working just fine .
1	 The fine set is working just second .
1	 The second set coif is working just fine .
1	 The set is working just fine .
1	 The second set is working fine .
1	 The second position is working just fine .
1	 The endorsement set is working just fine .
1	 The second is set working just fine .
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it contract electrocute while being recharged , they ask for $ 20usd just to flavor at it and said that they would level me for repaing the damn thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it make fried while being recharged , they enquire for $ 20usd just to feeling at it and state that they would level me for repaing the anathemize thing . 
0	i purchased jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked $ just look at it and that they would charge me for repaing the thing . 
0	i purchased a , it got fried while being recharged , they $ 20usd just to look at and said that they charge for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to enounce look at it and Maine said that they would buck charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked that $ 20usd the to look at it and said for they would charge me for thing just damned repaing . 
0	IT i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked astatine for $ 20usd just to look at it and purchase said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
0	i purchased a they , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ look just to 20usd damned it and said that jukebox would charge me for repaing the thing at . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easygoing and uncomplicated . 
1	jukebox using the nomad actually is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually victimization the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	the using actually nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually easily using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy apply and uncomplicated . 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works for me seems cover the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and included great for me and the works cover all the features seems to windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great for me the windows to cover all the features and included seems sofware does. 
1	program is called and works great for me and seems to cover the features included windows sofware does. 
1	the plan is hollo Gnomad and workplace great for me and seems to covert all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and crop smashing for me and look to masking all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	programme the program is handle called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	the program is called Gnomad and works be great for me and seems to cover all the features the whole included windows sofware does. 
1	* price and capacity 
1	* content price and capacity 
1	* price and content 
1	* price and cost capacity 
1	* price capacity and 
1	* damage and capacity 
1	* and price capacity 
1	* and capacity 
1	* price and 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
1	battery life is good , although i two rechargebles , a alkaline , for those emergency pics you to have . 
1	battery lifetime is honorable , although i advocate two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those exigency pics you have to have . 
1	battery life is good , although you rechargebles two recommend , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics i have to have . 
1	barrage spirit is full , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency picture you have to have . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two A rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to personify have . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend represent two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have photograph to have . 
1	battery life is good , although recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those pics have to . 
1	you life is good , although i recommend two for , or a alkaline backup , rechargebles those emergency pics battery have to have . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers are quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.amazingly 0 . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb deuce.0 . 
1	2 are surprisingly quick through usb transfers.0 . 
1	are transfers surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	transfers are surprisingly straightaway quick through usb 2.0 . 
1	channelize are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
0	I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	I a question about the pros and of turning the firewall. windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	I had a customer about the pros and Norton of turning off the cons firewall vs. the windows number, and waited 45 minutes not speak with a tech support representative because I did to have a "question priority ID firewall."
0	I had a question professional about the pros and cons of turning off transactions the Norton firewall pro vs. the windows firewall, adenine and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	I had a query about the pros and gip of plough off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 hour to address with a tech underpin representative because one did not have a "customer antecedence ID number."
0	a question about the pros and of turning off Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes with a representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
0	a had I question about the pros and cons of 45 off the Norton firewall vs. the windows have, and waited turning minutes to because with a tech support representative speak I did not firewall a "customer priority ID number."
0	ace had a interrogation about the pros and defraud of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 instant to speak with a tech patronise spokesperson because I did not have a "customer priority id numeral."
0	I had client a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. non the hasten windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a induce tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom conduct as unspoilt of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	of digital zoom takes as good the pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good pictures , as the optical does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as of good pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes full as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	make the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom read as secure of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	i 've had no problems with the software . 
1	i 've had no problems with nobelium the software . 
1	i 've had problems with the software . 
1	've had no problems with the software . 
1	i 've had job no problems with the software . 
1	i 've had no problem with the software . 
1	i 've the no problems with had software . 
1	the 've had no problems with i software . 
1	i 've had no trouble with the software . 
1	I can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go pretty far away from my crapper router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go pretty far outside from my router and quieten connect wirelessly.  
1	pretty can go I far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can pretty far away from my router and still wirelessly.  
1	can go pretty far away from router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go pretty far away from my router and still tie connect wirelessly.  
1	I can whirl middling far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
1	I can go router far away from my pretty and still connect wirelessly.  
0	there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
0	inside were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from there that were obviously used to board the internal control anchor . 
0	there were sharp bonk tips on the underside of the whole coming from inside that were patently used to anchor the internal control room . 
0	home there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control thither board . 
0	were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside were obviously used to anchor the control . 
0	there linchpin were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously thither used to anchor the internal control board . 
0	anchor were sharp screw tips on control underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to there the internal the board . 
0	there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit from inside that were used to the control board . 
0	there were shrill screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from within that were plain used to anchor the internal ensure board . 
0	size - bigger than the ipod 
0	size - bigger than ipod 
0	size - bigger sizing than the ipod 
0	size - the than bigger ipod 
0	size - sizing bigger than the ipod 
0	size - braggy than the ipod 
0	size - ipod than the bigger 
0	sizing - bigger than the ipod 
0	size - bigger the ipod 
1	when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when you phone in your you forget it is there ; is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when you put this phone in your you forget it is there ; is unbelievably small and , so . 
1	when you invest this earpiece in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably modest and oh , so igniter . 
1	pocket you put this phone there your when you forget it is in ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when you put this phone in your pocket you forget sparkle it is there ; call it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	when you humble put this phone in your pocket you forget it sack is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	it you put this phone in so pocket your forget when is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , you light . 
1	when you invest this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably low and Ohio , so lite . 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me inward to yes someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 in probably redirected me to someone number India, but the guy was easy to problem, and he helped solve the understand. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but guy the was easy to solve, and he helped understand the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably me to someone in, but the was easy to, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 come believably redirected me to someone in India, but the roast was easy to read, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 bit probably redirected me to someone in India, but the roast was easygoing to understand, and he assist solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me someone in India, guy was easy to, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably In redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy mortal to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very silken & stylish as intimately as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish well as the options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as a well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & as well as the screen options visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as advantageously as the concealment options and visuals it has . 
1	very silky sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options visuals and it has . 
1	very sleek & stylish as visuals as the screen options and well it has . 
1	this is a good deal for music and data storage . 
1	this is a good deal for music and . 
1	this is a good mess for music and data store . 
1	this is a well passel for music and data storage . 
1	this is a good deal for data and music storage . 
1	this is a good deal for and music data storage . 
1	this is a just good deal for music and data storage . 
1	this a deal for music and data storage . 
1	this is a good deal medicine for music and data storage . 
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 easy portable speaker is This to use , powerful enough for and use , everyday available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker consumption is easy to use , decorous powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is easygoing to usance , powerful enough for everyday manipulation , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This available speaker is easy to use , enough powerful for everyday use , and portable at a pretty decent price .
1	 This is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful for everyday use , at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker uncommitted is easy to uncommitted use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	 This portable speaker is wanton to use , powerful sufficiency for unremarkable use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i extremely recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i phone recommend this highly to anyone . 
1	i highly anyone this phone to recommend . 
1	i highly recommend earpiece this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this phone to extremely anyone . 
1	i highly recommend phone to anyone . 
1	highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this ring to anyone . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
1	6 the rifle nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to patronage be available even when nikon sextet releases a newer model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established note so you experience defend and piece are blend to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
1	the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know and going to be available even when nikon releases newer model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is well-established line so you and parts are to be available even when nikon releases a newer . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line well-established a is line so you know support and a nikon going to be available even when are releases parts newer model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix blood is a well-established line so you know support and contribution are perish to be available even when nikon releases a unexampled manikin . 
1	nikon the 6 coolpix line parts a well-established line so you newer support and is are going to be available even when nikon releases a know model . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line amp is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to simulation be available even when nikon example releases a newer model . 
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never create knew i could love a digital betwixt camera so much . 
1	this little camera has created a digital between myself and camera. never knew i could love a much nikon so marriage . 
1	this little has created a marriage myself and nikon. knew could love a digital camera so much . 
1	this minuscule camera has created a wedlock between myself and nikon. never live i could screw a digital camera so much . 
1	this picayune camera has created a wedlock between myself and nikon. never knew i could lovemaking a digital camera so practically . 
1	this camera has a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital much . 
1	this little camera has created betwixt a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love practically a digital camera so much . 
1	this camera camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew love could i a digital little so much . 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had almost etc problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, have no), but I shut-downs kept the player up to date. 
1	I've no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), I have kept the player up to. 
1	I've had almost no the ie the firmware (with, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept problems player up to date. 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I one have kept the player up single to date. 
1	I've had almost no problems the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the date. 
1	I've had most no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but ane have celebrate the player up to engagement. 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs take etc), but near I have kept the player up to date. 
1	I've had nigh no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but 1 have kept the instrumentalist up to see. 
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please debate this much superior opus of equipment before plopping down half a fantastic for an ipod . 
1	please consider this see much superior piece of amp equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please this much superior piece of equipment plopping down half a grand for an . 
1	please consider this much superior study piece of equipment before plopping down AN half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please consider of much superior piece this equipment before half down plopping a grand for an ipod . 
1	of consider this much superior piece please equipment before plopping down half a grand an for ipod . 
1	please consider this much superior piece equipment down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	please consider this much superordinate slice of equipment before plopping down half a 1000 for an ipod . 
0	1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no conduct direct firewire to the camera . 
0	1 no direct firewire to one the camera . 
0	1 no direct firewire to camera . 
0	1 no channelize firewire to the camera . 
0	firewire no direct 1 to the camera . 
0	1 no direct to firewire the camera . 
0	I no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, Major just not carry what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, as major problems, not what you for 70 bucks.
0	The program brings more await problems than a virus, albeit not as platform major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not what just problems, major not as you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The problems brings more program a than virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	The program institute more problems than a virus, albeit not as major trouble, just not what you require for 70 shoot.
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not major problems, not what you expect for.
0	The program bring more job than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for seventy hitch.
1	This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the outset cell sound I've owned, and boilersuit, I am quite pleased with it.
1	the cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the showtime cell phone I've have, and overall, ace am quite pleased with it.
1	This is the first cell delight phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite rather pleased with it.
1	This is the first I've phone quite owned, and overall, I am cell pleased with it.
1	This is the first cell phone I've owned,, I am quite pleased it.
1	This is the first cell phone I've please owned, and overall, I am quite pleased rather with it.
1	first is the This cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am it pleased with quite.
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 price was the lowest 'd seen my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was lowest I 'd seen in research -LRB- Best , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest enquiry I 'd seen in my research -indium LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 lowest price was the The Buy 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best I , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd look in my research -LRB- comfortably buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd examine in my research -LRB- substantially Buy , situation Depot -RRB- .
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- enquiry Best Buy , buy Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 research price was the lowest I 'LRB- seen in my The -d Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is the best point and camera I've used. 
1	This is overall the salutary steer and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is overall employ the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
1	best is overall the This point and shoot camera I've used. 
1	This is overall the camera point and shoot best I've used. 
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera luff I've used. 
1	This is overall the effective point and shoot camera I've victimised. 
1	This is overall the and shoot camera I've used. 
1	Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	Good color on very little needed to correct photos and Paintshop Pro. 
1	Good color very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop. 
1	Good color and very little needed to correct photo photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	Good color and correct little needed to very photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	undecomposed color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop professional. 
1	Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop semblance Pro. 
1	expert color and very little needed to discipline photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- underpin you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- along and acquire got at least my iMac and MacBook back accept online .
1	 I spent connected.n't hours on the phone least their Tech Support -LRB- you get 1 right away and do 5 have to wait -RRB- and got at with my iMac and online back MacBook .
1	 I spent I.5 hours on the phone with their tech accompaniment -LRB- you fetch connected proper away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and convey at least my iMac and MacBook rachis online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support - get connected right away and n't have to -RRB- and at least my and MacBook back .
1	 I spent 1.telephone 5 hours on the phone with tech their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac ane and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with Support -LRB- you connected right and have to wait -RRB- and got at least iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 got on the phone with n't Tech Support -LRB- you MacBook connected right away and do back have to wait -RRB- and hours at least my iMac and get their online .
1	 iodin spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech corroborate -LRB- you have connected good away and do n't have to hold -RRB- and arrest at least my iMac and MacBook backwards online .
0	Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a home network was impossible.
0	Configuring it for a home network follow was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for was home network a almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a national network was almost impossible.
0	nigh Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for a home was almost impossible.
0	Configuring it for almost home network was a impossible.
0	configure it for a home network was almost impossible.
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love acid the most. 
1	Sound: This dot is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where unity love Zen the most. 
1	is: This Sound where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen most. 
1	Sound: This is I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where constitute I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: I is where This love Zen the most. 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals g3 the truly stunning quality of the raw is hardware . 
1	what this is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is truly the stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the calibre raw g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly sensational quality of the bleak g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stupefy quality of the peeled g3 hardware . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is truly stunning quality of the raw g3 . 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the arresting raw g3 hardware . 
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the slight sensitivy level, pause LOW touch can skip or a the track.  
0	a on the LOW sensitivy level, or slight touch can skip Even pause the track.  
0	Even on the depression sensitivy level, a slight advert can skip or pause the cover.  
0	humble Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a jump slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW still sensitivy rails level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a touch skip or the track.  
0	the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a cold-shoulder stir can skip or pause the runway.  
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must iodin have heard this about suffer a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span 2 weeks , when t-zones . 
0	i must have heard this about when dozen times over the span of never weeks , a t-zones 2 worked . 
0	i worked have heard this about a over times dozen the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never must . 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen sentence over the span of two weeks , when t-zones never turn . 
0	i must have heard this about a axerophthol dozen week times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the traverse of two weeks , when t-zones never work . 
0	must have heard this a dozen times over the span 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five is plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is fivesome plenty for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is mickle for my great albums. 
1	Five gigabytes is for my great albums. 
1	constitute Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	plenty gigabytes is Five for my great albums. 
1	Five G is plenty for my great albums. 
1	great gigabytes is plenty for my Five albums. 
0	 The buttons are confusing and super small .
0	 The buttons are confusing super small .
0	 The buttons are confusing and A-one small .
0	 The confusing are buttons and super small .
0	 The buttons and confusing are super small .
0	 The buttons are flurry and super small .
0	 exceedingly The buttons are confusing and super small .
0	 buttons are confusing and super small .
0	 fuddle The buttons are confusing and super small .
1	i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no problems at I all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no trouble at all so far and i 'm very well-chosen . 
1	i 'glad ve had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no problems at all so far i and 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no problems at so all far and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no problems at all far i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've had no trouble at all so Interahamwe and i 'm very happy . 
1	i 've no problems at so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
1	and still fits in the palm of your hand , it it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , sound and it 's not heavy . 
1	it silent fits in the palm of your deal , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it stock-still fits in the handle of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's . 
1	it still fits in palm of your , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the palm hand your of , and it 's not heavy . 
1	it still fits in the S palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
1	Absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely no router with this problems. 
1	Absolutely no with this router. 
1	absolutely Absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely this problems with no router. 
1	Absolutely no dead problems with this router. 
1	dead no problems with this router. 
1	absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	Absolutely no problems with router. 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- the embody flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in mismatched tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure blackjack to make it engage . 
0	- flywheel use for most of the navigation n't in tightly and it uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it . 
0	- the flywheel you expend for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the total of hale to take it charter . 
0	- the flywheel you use amp for most practice of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount ALIR of pressure to make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of it the was n't in tightly and it was uneven make far as navigation amount of pressure to as the engage . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the far was n't to tightly and was it uneven as navigation as the amount of pressure in make it engage . 
0	- the flywheel you employment for most of the sailing was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of insistency to produce it hire . 
0	- you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as the amount pressure to make it engage . 
1	overall i like the unit . 
1	i like the unit . 
1	overall i care the unit . 
1	overall unit like the i . 
1	overall like the unit . 
1	whole overall i like the unit . 
1	overall i same the unit . 
1	i overall like the unit . 
1	overall i same like the unit . 
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A right camera phone for contract speedy pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A comely camera telephone for exact quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone for taking playfulness quick pictures, movies, and having render general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone for taking and around, movies, quick having general all pictures fun with.
1	totally A decent camera phone for taking quick sport pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone quick pictures,, and having general all around fun with.
1	A decent camera phone movies taking quick pictures, for, and with general all around fun having.
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick, movies, and having all around fun.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a bit of research before I drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	single have a tendency to do quite a bit of inquiry before I drop money on a tool and everyone one sing to eff this router.
1	a have a tendency to this quite I bit and research before I drop money on a tool of everyone I talked to loved do router.
1	I have a money to I quite a bit of to before I drop tendency on a tool and everyone do talked research loved this router.
1	ane I have a tendency to do quite a bit of research before I drop money on a ampere tool and everyone I talked to loved ace this router.
1	iodine have a propensity to do quite a chip of research before I discharge money on a tool and everyone one talked to loved this router.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a make bit of research before along I one drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a of research before money on a tool everyone talked to loved this router.
1	I have tendency to do quite bit of research before drop money tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 sore image software yield you is a fantasy Earth designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw epitome package gives you is a fantasy world project to please the uncritical . 
0	what the gives raw image is g3 you software a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw delight image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the follow uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw image software you is a fantasy world designed please the . 
0	what the g3 amp raw image software gives you is rude a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 software you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the software raw image g3 gives you is a the world designed to please fantasy uncritical . 
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 was the then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , I internet connection When just fine .
1	 When i then displace the telegram to the desktop and habituate the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 internet I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the wirelessly laptop , the When connection was just fine .
1	 When iodine then motivate the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet joining was just hunky-dory .
1	 When I then moved wire to the desktop and used the , internet connection was just fine .
1	 I then the wire to the and used the laptop , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , background the internet okay connection was just fine .
1	 When victimized I then moved the wire to the desktop and used so the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & uncomfortable use . 
0	the bleak fly wheel feels pretty gimcrack & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is spirit uncomfortable to use . 
0	the shameful fly wheel feels pretty cheesy & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black is wheel feels pretty cheap & fly uncomfortable to use . 
0	the fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to . 
0	the wheel fly black feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
0	the black vaporize fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	OK i 'm easily enlarging pictures to one 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best potential possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging project to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture prize and not eventide using the substantially possible setting as nevertheless ( super exquisitely ) . 
1	i 'm easily magnify movie to octonary 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the dear possible mark as yet ( super okay ) . 
1	i 'm easily pictures to 8 1/2 x no visable in picture quality and not even the best setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 no visable picture quality and not using the best possible as ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to quality 1/2 x 11 with possible visable loss in picture 8 best not even using the and no setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm super enlarging pictures as 8 1/2 the 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using x best possible setting to yet ( easily fine ) . 
1	i 'm release easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality thousand and not even using the best possible ii setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet used all the, like the,, but as a music this little thing rocks.  
1	this have not yet used features the all, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player I little thing rocks.  
1	I have used all the features, like the calendar,, but as a music player this thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet used but the features, like the calendar, etc, all as a this player music little thing rocks.  
1	I have not still utilise all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this petty affair rocks.  
1	affair I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, simply but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	one have not yet used all the features, ilk the calendar, etc, but as a music actor this lilliputian thing rocks.  
1	footling I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this boast little thing rocks.  
1	it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design looks hip . 
1	it has a classic design yet attend hip . 
1	it has nevertheless a classic design yet looks hip . 
1	it has classic design yet looks hip . 
1	it has a classic IT design yet looks hip . 
1	it has a classic conception yet looks hip . 
1	has it a classic design yet looks hip . 
1	it classic a has design yet looks hip . 
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	have a concept here, and normally a lot quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I buyer beware.  
0	They have a unspoiled concept here, and iodine normally expect a Lot estimable quality from Creative, so maybe they will do dependable with the future gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have good concept here, I normally expect lot from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally Here expect simply a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the A next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have expect better concept here, version I normally a a lot good quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen and, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They quality a good concept Creative, and I normally gen a lot better have from here, so maybe they will do better with the next expect version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a serious concept here, and I ordinarily expect a mess punter quality from Creative, so peradventure they will do good with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality i from succeeding Creative, so maybe they will do better bequeath with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also get with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a twain of headphones (they're okay until you find a near mate), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to pack your Zen touch in.  
1	The package bulge also comes with a indium USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair adaptor of headphones (they're okay until you get a better A pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair inch of ok headphones (they're okay until you get a transport better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch angstrom in.  
1	The package also comes and USB a cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until in better a get pair), a stand, with a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch you.  
1	The package comes with a USB, AC adapter, a pair of headphones ( okay until you get better pair), a stand, and a microfiber to carry your Touch in.  
1	The also comes with USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're until you a better pair), a stand, and to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also derive with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a couplet of headphones (they're okay until you become a better yoke), a bandstand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your acid trace in.  
1	The package also a with a USB cable, an AC until, okay pair of headphones (they're comes adapter you get Touch better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen a in.  
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no recommending at all problem these stands .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these rack .
1	 I no problem at all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem urge at all recommending these stands .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these bandstand stands .
1	 I have no stands at all recommending these problem .
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these pedestal .
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
1	else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very use and so is the that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is purpose very easy to use and pedal so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the wheel very easy to use and so the software that comes with.
1	Everything else about the ipod is big, the dog wheel is very loose to use and so is the software that fall with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the detent bike is very easily to utilisation and so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod use great, wheel click the is very easy to is and so is the software that comes with it.
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that IT comes dandy with it.
1	Everything else about the click is great, the ipod wheel easy very is to use and so is the software that comes with it.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	thumb The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you yearling do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few give of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features concentrated for the view older baby.
1	The container is hard to which, has is exactly what you and when your baby becomes which toddler, want you do have to flip the handle carefully (a open saved these than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider more difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The is hard to, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and do have to flip the handle ( saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties features the baby.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly intemperate what you want when coddle your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have experience to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more ampere than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but take features for the older baby.
1	The container your hard to open, which is baby what features want when is exactly becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which her saved more than a few of has toys,too.) older don't consider these difficulties but you for the I baby.
1	The container is firmly to give, which is exactly what you deficiency when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle cautiously (which has economise more than a few of her toys,too.) iodine don't regard these difficulty but features for the old baby.
1	The container is knockout to unresolved, which is exactly what you want when your baby suit a toddler, and you do have to riff the handle carefully (which has save more than a few of her miniature,too.) ane don't consider these difficulties but features for the elderly sister.
1	The container hard to, which is exactly what want when your baby becomes a, and you do have flip handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I consider these difficulties but features for older.
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel get a nice idea to keep less clutter , was keep button would sometimes but stuck or the scrolling . 
0	scroll beat button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or roll keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get or keep . 
0	scroll button - the wheel was a nice to keep less clutter , but would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the ringlet wheel was a nice idea to donjon less clutter , but the button would sometimes arrive baffle or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll follow wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck smother or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll clutter - the scroll wheel was a nice the to keep less button , but idea button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	curl button - the ringlet wheel was a nice idea to continue less clutter , but the button would sometimes get lodge or keep scrolling . 
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is really you can get pretty much any piece of music in format free on the net.
1	Which is really Nice because you can nonplus pretty much any while of music in MIDI format for discharge on the net.
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any MIDI of music in piece for format free on the net.
1	Which is actually courteous because you can make pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the profit.
1	is really nice because you get pretty much piece music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is really nice because you MIDI format pretty much any piece of music in can get for free on the net.
1	Which is Midi really nice nonplus because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in whatever MIDI format for free fairly on the net.
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't smell anything (baby believe me, this is quite something with my and).
1	I can't baby anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my smell).
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't smell anything (and me, this is quite something with baby).
1	I can't scent anything (and think me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	I can't anything (and believe me, this is quite with my baby).
1	I can't feel anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my featherbed).
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate sufficiency to have FireWire400, your in for a actual delicacy with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate decent to have FireWire400, your in for a literal delicacy with autosync.
1	 a & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for FireWire autosync treat with real.
1	 FireWire & USB2.goody 0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with goody autosync.
1	 & .0-- those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate to have FireWire400, in for a real with autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to FireWire400 have, your in for with real treat a autosync.
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- very For those fortunate enough to have delicacy FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	a infrared is a blessing if you have the previous nokia to want to transfer your old phone book and this phone , saved me hours of my re-entering numbers . 
1	the infrared is a want if your have a my nokia and blessing to transfer you old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering previous numbers . 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer Scripture your earphone old phone book to ME this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is blessing if have a previous and want to your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a former nokia and want to transfer your onetime earpiece Bible to this phone , redeem me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my . 
1	the infrared is A a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer penury your old phone need book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your Old telephone Koran to this telephone , preserve me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , up open up mediasource , and you can listen to upwards your stored mp3s as they watercourse stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect up player to your computer ( stored usb ) , open the mediasource , and you can your to listen via mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect upwards the player to your computer ( bottom via straight usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect the player to your computer ( via ) , up mediasource , and to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect the player to your computer ( via stored ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to they usb mp3s as your stream directly from xtra the ! 
1	connect the player to your estimator ( via usb ) , undefendable up mediasource , and you can heed to your stored mp3s as they pour straight from the xtra ! 
1	relate the participant to your calculator ( via usb ) , undetermined up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they watercourse directly from the xtra ! 
1	connect the player your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and can listen your stored mp3s as they directly from the ! 
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This not works at 54Mbps that's megabyte router kilobyte. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps not megabyte that's kilobyte. 
1	This router works 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router turn at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not mould kilobyte. 
1	This router process at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router works non at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte kilobyte. 
0	but the major problem i had was with the software . 
0	but the major iodin problem i had was with the software . 
0	the major problem i had with the software . 
0	but the major had was with the software . 
0	was the major problem i had but with the software . 
0	but the i problem major had was with the software . 
0	but the Major trouble i had was with the software . 
0	but birth the major problem i had was with the software . 
0	but the major trouble i had was with the package . 
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
1	I southwest always get a good strong signal, the in fairly remote areas here in even almost.
1	I almost always get a southwest strong the, even in fairly remote areas here in signal good.
1	I almost always obtain a good strong signal, even in fairly outside areas here in the southwesterly.
1	I almost always get a outside good strong signal, even in fairly outside remote areas here in the southwest.
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, in fairly remote areas in southwest.
1	I almost always sire a just strong signal, even in fairly remote area here in the southwest.
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly indium remote incessantly areas here in the southwest.
1	I always get a good signal, even in fairly remote areas in the southwest.
1	It was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so easy my dispose would toddler of her on diapers.
1	It was so easy my WA toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so easy my leisurely toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so sluttish my tot would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It was so easy my toddler dispose her on diapers.
1	It was so well-fixed my tot would dispose of her on diapers.
1	It of so easy my toddler would dispose was her on diapers.
1	It was so easy my toddler dispose of her on.
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the use and interface are very easy to buttons . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to port use . 
1	the buttons and interface very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy use . 
1	port the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to exercise . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easily to use . 
1	the interface and buttons are very easy to use . 
1	 This monitor works great .
1	 great monitor works This .
1	 This works great .
1	 This monitor form great .
1	 This monitor works heavy great .
1	 This monitor works .
1	 This reminder works great .
1	 This monitor great works .
1	 large This monitor works great .
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first peerless one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't start from the work . 
0	the first one work n't would from the start . 
0	the first one would start n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't work from the get-go . 
0	the first one would n't from the start . 
0	the one would n't work from the start . 
0	the offset one would n't work from the start . 
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a bit difficult to to the very tiny buttons and impossible manage read on icons without my reading glasses the.
0	reading find it icons bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the a without my I glasses on.
0	it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to the icons without my glasses on.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage clit the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses interpretation on.
0	I bump it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and unacceptable to say the icons without my reading spyglass on.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the interpret very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses inconceivable on.
0	one find it a prick difficult to handle the very petite buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny and to the icons without my glasses on.
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the constantly camera with you utile and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compact digital is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the you and pictures of them . 
1	the summary digital camera is especially useful if you have small children around and you can always study the camera with you and contain many exposure of them . 
1	the thick digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can perpetually fill the camera with you and carry many figure of them . 
1	the compact is useful if you have little children around and you can always take the with you take many pictures of them . 
1	the thick compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	have compact digital camera little especially useful if you the camera children around and you can always take the is with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	the compact many camera is especially useful if you have children little around and you can always take pictures camera with you and take digital the of them . 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great sound! impressed, I encode 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- sound! was very, encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, prize I encode at 192 voice kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	- outstanding sound! I was very ingrain, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is large, especially with the secure headphones. 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at astatine 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially tone with the better headphones. 
1	- Great sound! I was very 192, I encode at impressed kbps and the audio quality is great, especially the with better headphones. 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 the and the especially quality is great, audio with kbps better headphones. 
1	- smashing vocalize! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio tone is great, especially with the adept headphones. 
1	 Convenience because it works through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it works through the USB .
1	 Convenience because it works done through the USB port .
1	 the because it works through Convenience USB port .
1	 because it works through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it operate through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it wreak through the USB port .
1	 Convenience because it works through the make USB port .
1	 Convenience because it USB through the works port .
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	While all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because am not Apple, has - I something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I nibble the battery-acid Micro over the Ipod mini, because unity am not an apple person, never has been - ace need something that is fully compatible with Windows medium participant. 
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple somebody person, never has been - I wanted something acid that is have fully compatible with Windows musician Media Player. 
1	While they all person to have their Micro positives and negatives, something picked the Zen own over the Ipod mini, because an am not I Apple seem, never has been - I wanted I that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	While they seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen the, because I am Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully with Windows Media Player. 
1	While they all seem to have their own positives Zen because, I picked the and Micro over compatible Ipod something, an I am not negatives Apple person, never has been - I wanted mini that is fully the with Windows Media Player. 
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, 1 picked the Zen micro over the Ipod mini, because 1 am not an apple person, never has been - iodin want something that is fully compatible with window Media instrumentalist. 
1	While exist they all seem to have their own iPod positives and negatives, ain I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is micro fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared represent to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is enceinte . 
1	is price compared to the ipod the great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is smashing . 
1	great price compared to the ipod is the . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is . 
1	the price cost compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price to the ipod is great . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of out instructions , it 's still hard to figure the . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's nevertheless hard to forecast out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure south out . 
0	even after some of the instructions , 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's placid strong to figure out . 
0	after some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 'IT s still hard to figure out . 
0	even after reading some of the still , it 's instructions hard to figure out . 
1	no matter the format . 
1	no matter format the . 
1	no matter arrange the format . 
1	no thing the format . 
1	no No matter the format . 
1	no format the matter . 
1	no topic the format . 
1	no matter format . 
1	no matter the . 
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use.
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has IT been nothing but earphone great to use.
1	I've had to phone for almost it year now and a has been nothing but great this use.
1	I've had this for almost a year now and it has been but to use.
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now to it has great nothing but been and use.
1	I've had this phone for cypher almost a year now and it has been nothing but great amp to use.
1	I've had this for almost year now and it has nothing but great to use.
1	I've had this earpiece for almost a year now and it has been nothing but slap-up to manipulation.
1	I've had this phone for almost a twelvemonth now and it has been zero but capital to use.
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	This product is by far the serious Broadband Router on the marketplace, ace bought this to replace matchless of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, act gravid for about a year. 
1	This product cultivate is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this exercise to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great better for about a year. 
1	of product is by to replace best Broadband Router on the market, I the this far bought one This those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on substitute the replace market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for purchase about a year. 
1	This product is Router far the best Broadband by on the market, I bought replace to this one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, year great for about a worked. 
1	This product is by far the best Router the market, bought this replace one of Linksys Instant B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	This product is by far the outdo Broadband Router on the market, I purchase this to replace unrivaled of those Linksys clamant Wireless B routers, go big for about a year. 
1	This product is by the Router market, I bought to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
0	This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a a I would suggest for old novice user, my router Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router ane would hint for a novice user, my one-time Dlink DI52!
0	This is a router I would suggest for novice user, my old Dlink!
0	This is NOT a router iodine would propose for a novice user, my honest-to-god Dlink DI52!
0	non This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice exploiter user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router I would exploiter suggest for a A novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a I suggest for novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
0	This is NOT a router I for suggest would a novice user, Dlink old my DI52!
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	before asking many the zen have specifically and christmas i researched for different mp3 one but finally decided on this one , and now that i xtra it i could n't be happier for i 'm convinced it 's the best players out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for there i researched but different mp3 players many finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier best i 'm it convinced 's the and one out christmas . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically christmas researched many different mp3 players but finally this one , and now that i have i could happier and i 'm convinced it ' the best one out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically christmas i researched many mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and that i i could n't happier and i 'm convinced it 's the one there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas dissimilar i researched Elvis many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i IT have it i could n't be happier and i 'm iodin convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	before enquire for the superman xtra specifically for Christmastime i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this 1 , and now that i have it i could n't be well-chosen and i 'm convince it 's the full unitary out there . 
1	before require for the superman xtra specifically for Yuletide i researched many different mp3 instrumentalist but last settle on this i , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the unspoiled one out there . 
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas research i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that prohibited i I have it i could n't be happier and research i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	alternative may not top the iPod Mini, but you definitely an It if it's also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, it's definitely alternative if you also the extra and good sound quality.  
1	It may not lead the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra lineament and skillful healthy quality.  
1	an may not top the alternative Mini, but it's definitely It iPod if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if also want the and good sound quality.  
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also safe want the extra caliber features and good sound quality.  
1	commodity It need may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
1	It may not tiptop the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and sound go caliber.  
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , to is difficult it figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to visualise out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to out figure and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to enter figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to cypher out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult IT to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints and this anyone who wants quality over , also anyone who wants a based mp3 player and wants to pay next nothing . 
1	so far i have desire no complaints and i recommend this nada to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and ill wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	wants far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who next quality over who , also appearance anyone so a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay wants to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i advocate this to anyone who neediness caliber over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and want to give next to zilch . 
1	anyone far i have no complaints to i recommend this and so who wants quality to appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants over pay next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who desire quality over appearance , too anyone who wants a harddrive free-base mp3 actor and wishing to salary next to nothing . 
1	so far have no complaints and i recommend this anyone who wants quality over appearance , also who harddrive based mp3 player and to pay next to nothing . 
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone A who wants quality over adenine appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based want mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did polyphonic mention they were i ? 
1	the ringtones included are awe-inspiring , and did i acknowledgment they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and coiffe did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , did i mention they polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awing , and did i quotation they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were contrapuntal polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i were polyphonic ? 
1	did ringtones included are awesome , and the i mention they were polyphonic ? 
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME any VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO ANY BUY NOT HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY menage VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY OF HOME VERSION ANY NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY menage HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	DO not BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on with different occasions it has displayed " no disc " several a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has expose " no disc " with a disc inwardly . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disk " with a disc inner . 
0	on several IT different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	affair on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a inside . 
0	several different occasions has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has a " no disc " with displayed disc inside . 
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing system is besides very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing system is very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing system real is also very flexible . 
1	) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	cinque ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	also ) its focusing system is 5 very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing also is system very flexible . 
1	5 ) its focusing quintuplet system is also very flexible . 
1	it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to substitution to maculation metering and actually see it go on the lcd screen . 
1	screen 's great to switch to spot metering and it see actually working on the lcd it . 
1	it 'to to great switch s spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to switch to office metering and actually insure it solve on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great switch to spot metering actually see it on the lcd screen . 
1	it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see meter it working on the lcd LCD screen . 
1	it 's great switch to spot metering actually see it working on the screen . 
1	visualize it 's great to switch to spot covert metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points the fact "Creative" is all over the place within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% practiced, only losing designate due to the fact that "Creative" brandmark is all over the stead within it. 
1	The computer interface is 90%, only losing points due to the fact "Creative" branding all over place within it. 
1	The XC computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within estimator it. 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to Creative fact that "the" branding is all over it place within the. 
1	The computer interface 90 is% it, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within good. 
1	The reckoner interface is 90% good, only losing place referable to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the pose within it. 
1	The ended computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is constitute all over the place within it. 
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
1	For a satiny, smaller and more "median" MP3 player the Nitrus is capital but the iPod boast it out of the water - the interface is great and the pattern is wondrous.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" design interface the Nitrus is it but the iPod blows great out of the water - the player is great and the MP3 is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great design iPod the blows it out of the the - the interface is great and water but is wonderful.
1	For a, smaller more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the it out the water - the interface is great and design is wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "fair" MP3 player the Nitrus is expectant but the iPod bodge it out of the water - the interface is keen and the intention is grand.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player merely the More Nitrus be is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
1	For a, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the it out of water - the interface is great the design wonderful.
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "bobble average" MP3 player the axerophthol Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface smashing is great and the design is wonderful.
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6. for a year bags- that!!
1	recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6. for a year of can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another ringlet of bags. sol $6.00 for a class of bags- can't heartbeat that!!
1	bags just recently had to 00 another roll of We. SO $6.buy for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy roam another roll of equitable bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had SO buy 00 roll of bags. to $6.another for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for so a year of pulsation bags- can't beat that!!
1	We just recently had to buy another twine of bags. hence $sise.00 for a year of bags- can't outsmart that!!
1	This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard.
1	This phone has a nice conflate of features without exit overboard.
1	This call has a nice blend of features without break overboard.
1	This phone has a going blend of features without nice overboard.
1	This phone has a nice blend of telephone features without going overboard.
1	This has a nice blend of features going overboard.
1	This has a nice blend of without going overboard.
1	This phone without a nice blend of features has going overboard.
1	This phone has a nice blend of accept features without going overboard.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT influence ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH do NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS on PHONE.
0	DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH THIS NOT WORK ON DOES PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT THIS ON WORK PHONE.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT headphone WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	complaints : ) even the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option search for music contained in a folder unavailable . 
0	explore minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via along id3 euphony tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag option folder player , the on to search contained music for in a the is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) flush though the medicine is sorted via id3 rag on the histrion , the option to search for music curb in a folder is unavailable . 
0	nestling complaint : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 mark on the player , the option to seek for music contain in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : the ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on 1 unavailable , the option to is for music contained in a folder search player . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted id3 tag on the player , option search for music contained in is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) choice even though the music is sorted histrion via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for along music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange astatine glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glow the base a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glow the at base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the flaccid orange luminescence at the base is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a luminescence nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glowing at the nucleotide is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glow base the at is a nice nightlight .
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is nice .
1	apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the skilful tacky quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the best cheap quality actor brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is the best cheap brand for dvd . 
1	apex is the best for quality brand cheap dvd players . 
1	apex is the best inexpensive quality stigmatise for dvd players . 
1	is best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	is apex the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	apex is firebrand the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a worth 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's every great penny .
1	 This amp is a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , amp and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a dandy 3-piece speaker scheme for a reckoner , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 is a great speaker system for a computer , and 's worth every penny .
1	 This is a big 3-piece speaker organization for a calculator , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This is arrangement a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , scheme and it 's worth every penny .
1	 3-piece is a great This system speaker for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 This a great 3-piece system for computer , and it 's worth every penny .
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the astatine zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always nearly a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the Nice top soar of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom ecstasy up and down in blowup , which is nice , but there is ever a display of the zoom size about quartern of the means down from the crest of the screen that interferes with regard at most setting . 
0	the screen goes most and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is display size always of the zoom a about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the zoom that interferes with viewing at up settings . 
0	the zoom goes and in magnification , which is , but there is always a display of the zoom about one-quarter the way down from the of the screen that with at most settings . 
0	the goes up magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display the size about one-quarter of down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	At the zoom goes up refine and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is fashion always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the pinnacle top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom goes up display of in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a and size the zoom of about one-quarter down the way down from the top of interferes screen that the with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom break up and down in exaggeration , which is nice , but there is constantly a display of the whizz size about one-fourth of the way down from the pinch of the covert that interferes with viewing at most setting . 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	silent , at least from my view , a nifty camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from my perspective , great camera for the , and i 'm a camper ! 
1	still , at least camera my perspective , a great from m the money , and i 'for a happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera felicitous for the money , and glad i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera adenine for the money , and i 'm a ane happy camper ! 
1	still , at least from happy perspective , a my camera for the money , and i 'm a great camper ! 
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great the money , and i 'm a happy ! 
1	calm , at least from my perspective , a dandy camera for the money , and i 'm a well-chosen camper ! 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the ad2600. plays just anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased wreak with the apex ad2600.it bet plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with most the apex ad2600.it plays draftsman just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very please with the apex ad2600.it frolic just about anything you set in the drawer . 
1	i am pleased very with the apex ad2600.it plays just put anything you about in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the it you.apex plays just about anything ad2600 put in the drawer . 
1	i am very delight with the acme ad2600.it dally just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex.it plays just anything put in the drawer . 
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my AD/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up advertising blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely.
0	wholly Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely fail.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was gone.
0	Then, completely ad/pop-up blocking was my gone.
0	Then, my ad/pop-up completely was blocking gone.
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with of that challenges to not the above 5mp cameras , easy to not and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot detail features and add-on options , comes be great software ( understand all with overlooked ) , and last of by far of least , received my fiance 's stamp but approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , direct absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , soft to infer and expend ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a luck of feature and add-on selection , comes with large software ( not to be overlooked ) , and lastly but by far not least , experience my fiance 's stereotype of approval ( two riff up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful with detail that challenges all the 5mp cameras , to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a of features add-on options , with great software ( not to overlooked ) , last but by least , received my fiance 's of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	a , of optical zoom , takes absolutely understand photos with detail that challenges all 4x the above 5mp cameras , easy to beautiful and use ( has 4mp great swivel approval screen ) , a lot my features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and up but by far not least , received of fiance 's stamp of lcd ( two thumbs last ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , proceeds absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , loose to translate and employment ( has a heavy swivel lcd screen ) , a circle of features and add-on options , amount with swell software ( not to be overleap ) , and last but by Interahamwe not least , received my fiance 's tender of approval ( two flip up ! ) 
1	4mp , give 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of reach the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a loose lot of features and beryllium add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received camera my fiance 's stamp of stereotype approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes point absolutely beautiful photos with fill detail that challenges all of the above approving 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has camera a great swivel lcd screen ) , a camera lot of features and add-on options , cast comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes photos with detail that challenges all of above cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , lot of features add-on options , comes with great software ( to ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance ' stamp approval ( two up ! ) 
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger screen allowed me to all my photos -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The expectant screen has allowed me to lay all my exposure on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and redact them .
1	 The whole larger screen has allowed IT me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my on it - n't on dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 The larger screen has and me to edit all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- allowed put them .
1	 The them screen has allowed n't to put all my photos on it -LRB- could me on the dell -RRB- and edit larger .
1	 The tumid blind has allowed me to set all my pic on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 shield The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on along it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
0	Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
0	Another problem I had with this zoom was the camera function.
0	Another problem I job had with this camera was the zoom function.
0	Another problem I had with this the zoom function.
0	Another problem I had with this camera constitute was the zoom function.
0	Another problem unity had with this camera was the zoom mapping.
0	Another problem one had with this camera was the zoom subroutine.
0	Another problem had I with this camera was the zoom function.
0	Another problem had this camera was the zoom function.
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery 14 - life hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours tick ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours scramble ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent battery fantabulous life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) excellent sextet battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	6 ) 14 battery life - excellent hours beats ipod 's . 
1	I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I conceive sound quality should be the first and foremost boast, and the Zen is leaps and restrain well in voice quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think sound quality should lineament be the first and foremost feature, and dose the Zen is leaps and bounds better pauperism in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	sound quality should be the first foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, no need to the earphones. 
1	I phone think sound quality should be equal the first expert and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think effectual choice should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and leaping advantageously in sound quality, with no postulate to upgrade the earphones. 
1	I think quality should be the first and feature, and the is leaps and bounds better sound quality, with no need to upgrade earphones. 
1	I think sound and should be upgrade first and foremost feature, with the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, quality no need to the the earphones. 
1	I think sound in should be the first and foremost feature, and to with is leaps and bounds better quality sound quality, Zen no need the upgrade the earphones. 
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and price ...
1	 Very monitor with the happy and the price ...
1	 Very happy the monitor and the price ...
1	 rattling happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the admonisher price ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and price the ...
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the toll ...
1	 I am very happy with this product and the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with this product and the Price was very reasonable open its characteristic and specifications .
1	 iodin am very well-chosen with this product and the price was very reasonable collapse its features and specifications .
1	 and this very happy with am product I the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 am very happy this product and the price was very reasonable given its features specifications .
1	 I very am happy with this product and reasonable price was very the given its features and specifications .
1	 I specification am very happy with this product and the price IT was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 I am very happy comprise with this product and stipulation the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 I am very happy with this and the price was reasonable its features and specifications .
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right net from the get go, so I'd think that okeh if SytemWorks is ok now, it should okeh remain ok.
0	Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible from get go, so think that if SytemWorks ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our think Internet/Norton was 2004 terrible right from the get go, so I'd AV that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
0	Our Norton internet/AV 2004 was terrible flop from the nonplus move, so I'd believe that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
0	directly Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks Av is ok now, it should instantly remain ok.
0	Our Norton/AV 2004 was from the get go, so I'd think if SytemWorks is ok now, it should ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV go the terrible right from was get 2004, so I'd think that if it is ok now, SytemWorks should remain ok.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible properly from the receive belong, so I'd recall that if SytemWorks is okeh now, it should remain ok.
1	the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it . 
1	the screen is large and bright has all the info i need where it . 
1	the screen is large and bright and has all the info information i need single where i need it . 
1	the screen is and bright and has all the i need where i it . 
1	the screen is large and bright and has all the iodine info i need lustrous where i need it . 
1	the bright is large and screen and has all the info i need it i need where . 
1	the screen is large and bright i has all the info i it where and need need . 
1	the screen is magnanimous and burnished and has all the info i need where i require it . 
1	the blind is gravid and bright and has all the info i need where i require it . 
1	This is a fantastic tool to use.
1	This is a fantastic angstrom tool to use.
1	This is a fantastic tool to.
1	This is a fantastic tool to habituate.
1	This is a fantastic tool use.
1	This is a fantastic to tool use.
1	This is a use tool to fantastic.
1	This is a fantastic tool to apply.
1	live This is a fantastic tool to use.
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet problems any of usual the seen with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i am not yet seen any problems the usual of with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i have very pleased . 
1	i have not notwithstanding learn any of the usual problems with digital characterization ( over-embellished fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i trouble have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) non so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet visualize any of the common problems with digital image ( violet fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , iodine etc ) so i examine am very pleased . 
1	i not yet seen any of the usual problems with pictures ( fringing , etc ) i am very pleased . 
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital ( purple , ) so i am very . 
1	it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	it is amazing lasts the battery that so long phone the when is so small and light . 
1	it is amazing that the battery long when the phone is small and light . 
1	it is minor amazing that the battery thence lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	is amazing the battery lasts long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	it is get that the battery survive so long when the phone is so minuscule and light . 
1	it is amazing that the battery end so foresighted when the phone is so small and luminance . 
1	it is that amazing the battery lasts so and when the phone is so small long light . 
1	it is lowly amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so live small and light . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two requirements longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : primary i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer life and lower price : found both . 
1	my longer main requirements were two battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two independent requirements were longer battery life and broken price : i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer battery aliveness and low-toned price : i found both . 
1	my two longer requirements were main battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	my two main requirements were longer essential battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	that complain about this player are bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are verbalize Bull , this player is awe-inspiring , it just prison-breaking fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks constitute fast , IT which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this participant are tattle bull , this player is awesome , it just offend fast , which is ugly . 
1	because virtually other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it cost just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	because other people that complain about this are talking bull , player awesome , it just breaks fast , is horrible . 
1	just other people that bull about this player are talking complain , this player is awesome , it because breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	bull other people that is about this player are talking because , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which complain horrible . 
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am quite distressed with nokia at the consequence.
0	but, i am quite with unhappy nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with moment at the nokia.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with minute nokia at the moment.
0	but, i am rather unhappy with nokia at the instant.
0	but, am quite unhappy with nokia at moment.
0	but, i am quite with nokia at the.
0	but, i am distressed quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like 's predecessor , the quickly revised , this player boasts a decent size and , relatively-intuitive navigational system that based id3 tags , and excellent sound ( known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering number of years creative has been the audio business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes wagerer based on id3 turn tags , and sizing excellent sound ( widely precursor known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in organization the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a revise decent size and categorize weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that burden categorizes based on id3 wide tags , and excellent sound ( boasting widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	like it ' predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational that categorizes on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely than ipod - surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the peripheral business ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the surprising that audio , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system revised categorizes years to id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known on be better than ipod - not quickly considering the number of based creative has been in the nx peripheral business ) . 
1	like sound 's predecessor , the ipod tags nx , quickly player boasts a decent creative and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 revised , in excellent it ( widely known to be better than this - not surprising considering the number of years size has been and the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	ilk it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boast a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes base on id3 trail , and excellent intelligent ( widely hump to be beneficial than ipod - not surprising count the come of years creative has been in the audio peripheral line ) . 
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this actor jactitation a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational scheme that categorizes base on id3 tag , and splendid sound ( widely fuck to be advantageously than ipod - not surprising take the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral clientele ) . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex ' website is and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 'website s is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's downhearted website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and acme they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo their phone . 
0	apex 's answer is down and they wo n't website their phone . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't resolution their sound . 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't respond their ring . 
1	longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery , greater to online music services , and pc are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery life , keen availableness to online music avail , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery PC life , greater liveliness accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	yearner shelling life , big accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery sensibilities , greater accessibility to online music and , services pc compatibility are the life . 
1	longer battery , greater accessibility to music services , and pc compatibility the sensibilities . 
1	longer battery sensitiveness life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc microcomputer compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	longer online life , greater accessibility to battery sensibilities services , and pc compatibility are the music . 
1	I'd say that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd say that this camera is complete.
1	I'd personify say that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd say that this camera is stark.
1	perfect say that this camera is I'd.
1	I'd say that camera is perfect.
1	I'd camera that this say is perfect.
1	I'd say state that this camera is perfect.
1	I'd say this camera is perfect.
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many features , and unlike many smaller cameras , it is easy hold steady using slower shutter . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , victimisation and unlike utile many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower utile shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 is is with when shutter features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it loaded easy to hold steady many using slower useful speeds . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful lineament , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is tardily to restrain stabilise when using slower shutter hasten . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many camera useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is characteristic easy to hold promiscuous steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
1	the g3 is many with loaded useful features , and speeds many smaller unlike cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter digital . 
1	the g3 loaded with many features , and unlike many smaller cameras , is easy to hold steady when using slower speeds . 
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many modest digital cameras , it is easy to handle firm when habituate slower shutter speed . 
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	I their to call Norton, and the only numbers Non-tech list on tried sites tried either for they Customer Service (are this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) they or have a $30 tech-support number.
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on XXX their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (hear tried this one cost and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 lxxv tech-support number.
0	1 sample to call Norton, and the only issue they list on their seat are either for Non-tech Customer Service (sample this one and hung up after 75 infinitesimal of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support routine.
0	I tried to call Norton, the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Customer Service (tried this and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) they have $ tech-support.
0	I tried to call Norton, number the only numbers MUZAC list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this and and hung up 30 75 minute of they) or they have a $after tech-support one.
0	iodine try to birdsong Norton, and the only figure they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this I and hung up after 75 mo of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support numeral.
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only they list their either for Non-tech Customer Service ( this one and hung up after minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support.
0	I tried to call Norton, and the comprise only numbers they list on OR their sites are either for Non-tech consume Customer Service (tried this one hear and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any buyer looking for a camera at a reasonable price - there better camera out there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any likely buyer bet for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable Price - there is no proficient camera out there - menstruum ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class be digital camera at axerophthol a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - thither period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any nobelium potential buyer looking thither for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out fair there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to potential buyer for a first-class digital at a reasonable - there is no better camera out there - ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer at for a first-class digital camera looking a reasonable price - there no out better camera is there - period ! 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential emptor front for a excellent digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no easily camera out there - menstruum ! 
1	i recommend out the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking at a first-class digital camera for a reasonable price - there unreservedly no better camera is there - period ! 
1	The base was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The base was deeper and the highs crisper. 
1	The pedestal was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The base was deeper and the bass highs were crisper. 
1	The base was comprise deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	The base was deeper and the highs were. 
1	The infrastructure was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	and base was deeper The the highs were crisper. 
1	base The was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't a uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should amp be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, as just long your you bring as charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger spare, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, as long as bring charger and spare batteries, you should be.
0	as isn't uncommon in cameras, fine, just as long This you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be though.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as foresightful as you land your charger and supererogatory batteries, you should be finely.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as longsighted as you land your charger and plain batteries, you should be hunky-dory.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring inch your charger and spare batteries, you should be free fine.
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then would say that this LCD monitor have feature in one piece .
1	 allege Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I say that this LCD monitor have many in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor characteristic have many feature in one piece .
1	 this I would say that Then LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 then I would order that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in unrivaled bit .
1	 I Then would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play curriculum at first i mean its very just confusing to start the program but one you do it , fox it will be a breeze . 
0	well just con - its really and at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but you do it , will be a breeze . 
0	substantially just one hornswoggle - its not really wad and wreak at first i think its very bedevil to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - its not really advantageously plug and play I at first i mean its very confusing to start the IT program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - its really not start and play at first i mean its very confusing to plug the program but one you it do , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one learn - its not really hoopla and swordplay at first i bastardly its very confound to start the program but unrivalled you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one - not really plug and play first i mean its very confusing to start the but one you do it , it will breeze . 
0	well just one con - its not really breeze program play at first plug mean its very confusing to start the and but one you do i , it will be a it . 
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, tranquillize kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, and kicking, still still playing.   
1	It's alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and playing still.   
1	It's still tranquil alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still quetch playing.   
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and nevertheless playing.   
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i comparatively have employ yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are however well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i have but to try using all of the adjustment options : clear and , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , yet all controls are well thought out priority and the manual is relatively shutter . 
1	i have yet to try using all ignite of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , conceive light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are prohibited well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i controls yet to try using well of thought adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all have are all the out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	i yet to try using all options : priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual relatively clear . 
1	i have yet to prove using all of the adjustment choice : shutter priority , aperature priority , lighter metering adjustments , etc. , but all dominance are well cerebrate out and and the manual is relatively sack . 
1	i have to using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , all controls well thought out and the manual is relatively . 
1	i have yet to examine using all of the adaption options : shutter priority , aperature priority , swooning metering adjustments , etc. , but all restraint are considerably thought out and and the manual is relatively unclutter . 
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer merchandise to anyone exclude perhaps my passe .
0	 I would not this recommend or except Acer product to anyone any perhaps my ex .
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer product perhaps my ex .
0	 iodin would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except possibly my x .
0	 would not recommend this or any Acer product anyone perhaps my ex .
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer production product to anyone except perhaps merchandise my ex .
0	 I would unity not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
0	 product would ex recommend this or any Acer I to anyone except perhaps my not .
1	 This device solves the problem nicely .
1	 This device nicely the problem solves .
1	 This device solves the problem .
1	 This device solves the work problem nicely .
1	 This device lick the problem nicely .
1	 This device solves the nicely .
1	 This device the solves problem nicely .
1	 This device solves trouble the problem nicely .
1	 This device clear the problem nicely .
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, camera will give you a lot of for the buck!
1	Bottom buck, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the line!
1	Bottom line, this camera will undersurface give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	give line, this camera will Bottom you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom crinkle, this camera will devote you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this camera give you a of bang for the buck!
1	bottomland line, this camera will consecrate you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for dedicate the buck!
1	All at the same time, and all without a hitch.
1	All the same, and all without a hitch.
1	and at the same time, All all without a hitch.
1	entirely at the same time, and all without a hinderance.
1	All at the same meter, and all without a stop.
1	All at the same time, and all metre without a hitch.
1	All at the same time, and all without a astatine hitch.
1	the at All same time, and all without a hitch.
1	All at the time, and all without hitch.
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays most for ac long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at charged to fully via recharge the included a adapter . 
1	the battery stop charged for a farsighted time , and lead no more than deuce or 3 minute at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the time stays charged included a long battery , and takes no more than 2 or ac hours at most to fully recharge via the for 3 adapter . 
1	the battery charged for a long , and takes no more than 2 or hours at most to fully recharge the included ac . 
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes deuce no more than 2 axerophthol or 3 hours at most to full fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	battery stays charged a long time , and no than 2 or 3 hours at to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stick blame for a prospicient time , and lease no more than 2 or troika hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no bombardment more than 2 or angstrom 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the bombardment included ac adapter . 
1	to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to it short , this is cheaper , and in my a better choice an ipod . 
1	to short it keep , this and cheaper , is in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	iPod to keep it short , this is Indiana cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep it short , this is trashy , and in my opinion a proficient pick than an ipod . 
1	to keep it short , this is upright cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than iPod an ipod . 
1	to continue it scant , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a right choice than an ipod . 
1	to keep a short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion than better choice it an ipod . 
1	to keep it short , is cheaper , and in my a choice than an ipod . 
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products hardy are no exception to this rule , tuner however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my More old radio .
1	 Most will last taken care of , and Logitech 's products are to this rule , however , since they somewhat , in fact great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 in products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are than exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , Most fact old great deal more sturdy , no my a radio .
1	 Most products will finish if lead care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this prevail , however , since they are passably , in fact a great cover more inflexible , than my old radio .
1	 Most products no last if taken care radio , and Logitech 's products are will exception to this old , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my rule of .
1	 Most products will finis if require charge of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are slightly , in fact a great raft more sturdy , than my old tuner .
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , quondam however , since production they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , elision than my old radio .
1	 Most products will last taken care of , and 's products no exception to this , however , they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old .
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times finely to watch movies and pic it has worked fine . 
1	far so , we 've only used this player a movies times to watch few and it has worked fine . 
1	far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch it has worked fine . 
1	so movies , we 've only used this player a few times to watch has and it far worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this actor a few times to watch movie and it has play fine . 
1	so ALIR , we 've only used this actor a few times to watch movies and it has bring fine . 
1	so , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies it has fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used musician this player a instrumentalist few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	It's easy to use. Not too small, and not too big.
1	It's well-heeled to employment. Not too small, and not too big.
1	It's easy to exercise. Not too low, and not too big.
1	easy to. Not too small, and not too big.
1	It's and to use. Not too small, easy not too big.
1	It's easy to use. Not too tardily small, and not too big.
1	It's easy to use. too small, and too big.
1	It's easy to use. Not too too, and not small big.
1	It's easy to use. overly Not too small, and not too big.
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all connect without issue .
1	 It was a snap to set up , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs connect without issue .
1	 It was a snap to set up and my , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid , and connect without issue .
1	 It was a snap to Seth up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and microcomputer all tie without outlet .
1	 It was a shoot to pose up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all tie without upshot .
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs topic all connect snapshot without issue .
1	 It was a snap to set up and issue PS3 , ASUS EEE 2 , Droid Netbook , and PCs all connect without my .
1	 It was a snap to my up and set PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and all PCs connect without issue .
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , shot and PCs two all connect without issue .
1	Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the buttons software and user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the buttons and software user interface near is perfect. 
1	Placement of the buttons software user interface is near. 
1	Placement of the buttons positioning and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the button and software user interface is skinny perfect. 
1	of the and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the clitoris and software exploiter interface is near perfect. 
1	Placement of the buttons and software skinny user interface is near perfect. 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	the optical the is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of zoom zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder ponder the scene of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder ponder the settings of the whizz . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , surge and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	the is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is settings , and the viewfinder reflects the awesome of the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the reflects the settings the zoom . 
1	the optical zoom awful is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	this radio receives fairly reception but nearly as good a normal radio , but as long as the stations are clearly the phone 's should work perfectly . 
1	this radio invite reasonably adequate reception but not about as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are derive in clearly the phone 's radio should operate perfectly . 
1	this wireless experience fairly decent reception but not most as respectable as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the headphone 's radio should act perfectly . 
1	this radio sulphur receives fairly formula decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as act long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	nearly radio receives reception decent should coming not this as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are but in clearly the phone 's radio fairly work perfectly . 
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as inward long as the stations are coming in clearly the nice phone 's radio decently should work perfectly . 
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not as as a radio , as as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's should work perfectly . 
1	this radio decent in receives reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as are stations the coming fairly clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It iPod an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has lot a more presets than the has. 
0	 fate It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets amp than the iPod. 
0	 IT has an counterpoise, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a bunch more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, but possess the iRiver H10-20GB has a merely lot more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It an equalizer, but iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets the iPod. 
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver has a more presets the iPod. 
0	 IT has an equaliser, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a circumstances more presets than the iPod. 
0	 It has an iPod, but the iRiver H10-20GB more a lot has presets than the equalizer. 
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	almost the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "coxa" youngsters but to people of all walks of sprightliness who alike to heed on the start without having to vexation ofttimes about battery liveliness, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people inept of all walks non of life who like to listen on the go fry without having to worry frequently sizing about battery life, amp size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the product:  Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" but walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to frequently life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the embody product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device silklike that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen child on the go without having to worry frequently OR about battery life, minor size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the product:  a Zen Micro is The sleek, stylish device that awkward not just to "of" youngsters but to factor hip all walks of life who like to the on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or listen "caters" people.  
1	astir the product:  The acid Micro is a silky, stylish gimmick that caters not just to "rosehip" nestling but to people of all walks of life who alike to listen on the expire without having to worry frequently about battery animation, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	About the product:  who Zen Micro is awkward battery, stylish device that caters not just frequently "hip" youngsters to to people of all walks of life The like to listen on the go without having to worry but about sleek life, size, or the "a" factor.  
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters just to "hip" youngsters but people of all walks of like to on the go without having to about battery, size, or "awkward" factor.  
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes make very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and liveliness there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery songs seems good , takes very lttle is to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there time no delay between life . 
1	the battery life seems , takes very lttle time to charge , uploads quickly there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life good , takes very lttle time charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no songs . 
1	the battery life seems thither good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads bombardment mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes delay lttle time to charge , it no mp3s quickly and there is uploads very between songs . 
1	the barrage life seems dependable , exact very lttle time to direction , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	the battery life seems good , take very lttle meter to bang , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no stay between songs . 
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the is Zen Micro Creative a by IPOD serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it so...it first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's is great and could've made But plagued potenial a killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is just plagued by a serious, serious stupid and while elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more away things about this piece of garbage that's so sol great and could've low made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	only, the Creative battery-acid Micro is hassle by a serious, serious dolt and elemenatary invention flaw, and I'm locomote to severalize you what it is...But start, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've earn it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative and Micro is plagued by a I'm, made stupid Zen elemenatary design flaw, and serious going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about potenial piece of garbage that's so a and could've serious it great this IPOD killer.         
0	, the Zen plagued by a serious, serious and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage great could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is simply plagued by a serious, serious stupid but and IT elemenatary design flaw, matter and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this ii piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
0	just, the Creative Zen Micro is hassle by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary conception flaw, and I'm fail to tell you what it is...simply first, II more things about this piece of garbage that's so nifty and could've constitute it a potenial iPod killer.         
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a, serious stupid design flaw, and I'm going to tell what it is...But, two more things this of that's so great and could've made it a IPOD killer.         
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since to it be wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will eventually able once buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , will be to another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is outstanding since once it eventually don out ( as all lithium barrage do ) , you will be able to buy another well . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it another easily out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy eventually wears . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since don once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy assume another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries IT do ) , shelling you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable barrage is smashing since once it eventually jade out ( as all Li batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as lithium do ) , you will be to another easily . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , arsenic especially when you listen to a variety embody of genres , as mind it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	be included eax for is useful at times , especially adjust you when to a variety of genres , as it will listen the equalizer support you which can the a big hassle . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of , it will adjust the equalizer you can be big . 
1	the included eax suffer is useful at clock , especially when you mind to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the balance for you which can be a expectant harass . 
1	the included documentation eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen molest to a variety of beset genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1	the included eax funding is useful at times , specially when you heed to a motley of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a crowing provoke . 
1	the included eax support is can at times , especially when you listen to big variety of genres , equalizer it will adjust the you for as which useful be a a hassle . 
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially you to a variety of , as it will adjust the you can be a big hassle . 
1	 I remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I pleased extremely remain with this router !
1	 I remain pleased with this router !
1	 unity remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I remain extremely pleased with router !
1	 I remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I persist extremely pleased with this router !
1	 I remain rest extremely pleased with this router !
1	 router remain extremely pleased with this I !
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	have the working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software working fine now and the player fantastic . 
1	i have the software turn fine now and the mp3 player is fantastical . 
1	i have the software working fine and now the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 fantastic is player . 
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 histrion is terrific . 
1	i have the software straightaway working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	i have the software working fine now and tremendous the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are great for price the .
1	 admonisher These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors cracking are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are great the price .
1	 These monitors are cracking for the price .
1	 These monitors are great for the damage .
1	 These price are great for the monitors .
1	 These monitors are great for the .
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	3 ) with being so easy , i found use for the bundled nomad explorer . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so gentle , i found no enjoyment for the bundled nomad adventurer software . 
0	3 ) with mediasource for so easy , i being no use found the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	tercet ) with mediasource being so easy , i plant no use for the bundled nomad explorer package . 
0	3 ) with mediasource beingness being so easy , nobelium i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	) with mediasource being so easy , i no for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	3 ) bundled mediasource software so easy , i found no use for the with nomad explorer being . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , obtain i found no use for the No bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	sensitive i thought it idea was just the player , but then i started so checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	i thought checking was just but player , the then i started it the discs to find ruining the apex 2600 is actually that my media . 
0	i idea it was just the player , but then i begin ascertain the discs to feel that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my spiritualist . 
0	i reckon it was just the player , but then i commence see the discs to uncovering that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my spiritualist . 
0	actually thought it was just is player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 the my ruining i media . 
0	i thought it was just the player , then started checking discs to find that the apex 2600 is ruining media . 
0	i thought it was just the acme player , but medium then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my follow media . 
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i checking the discs that the 2600 actually ruining my media . 
1	getting files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting files onto and is quick it painless . 
1	getting stick files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting file onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting files onto it and quick is painless . 
1	getting files onto charge it is quick and painless . 
1	make files onto it is quick and painless . 
1	getting files onto is quick and painless . 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	tho do seem a little sticky buttons .. a the hands free kits ' connector might be and problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little glutinous tho .. and the hands innocent kits ' connector might be a trouble .. 
0	buttons do and a little sticky tho .. seem the hands a kits ' connector might be free problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little mortifying sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might embarrassing be a problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. hands free kits ' connector might be problem .. 
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' unloosen connector might innocent be a problem .. 
0	do seem a little sticky .. and the free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
0	push do seem a little sticky Tho .. and the men free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, I use the Norton Corporate at work with trouble.
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 utterly Corporate at work with absolutely mode no trouble.
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 knead Corporate at work iodin with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, I use Norton 2003 at work with absolutely no.
1	the the way, I use By Norton 2003 Corporate at work absolutely with no trouble.
1	By the manner, I use the Norton 2003 corporate at wreak with absolutely no trouble.
1	By 2003 way, I at the Norton the Corporate use work with absolutely no trouble.
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at employment with dead no hassle.
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Oregon maybe Netgear so jockey up the firmware for this device that it does n't experience what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screw up the firmware for this gimmick that it does n't hump what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so experience screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know surgery what to do .
0	 maybe Netgear so screwed the firmware for device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up thus the firmware for this device that it does n't know what eff to do .
0	 so maybe Netgear Or screwed up the firmware for this device what it does n't know that to do .
0	 Or to Netgear so screwed n't the firmware for this device that it does up know what maybe do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear screwed up the this device that it does n't know what to do .
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. have a full chunk of my humble MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. Have a good chunk of my to listen through the phone.
1	7. let a salutary chunk of my belittled MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 verbalizer to listen through minor the speaker phone.
1	7. Have to good small of my chunk MP3 a listen through the speaker phone.
1	7. Have a good phone of my small MP3 to listen the through speaker chunk.
1	7. Have a good chunk goodness of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker angstrom phone.
1	. Have a good chunk small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable axerophthol as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit with USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with USB the/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable standard item now. 
1	 This unit fare with the USB/firewire cable as a touchstone item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/a cable as firewire standard item now. 
1	 This unit total with the USB/firewire cablegram as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/point firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 Tiny .
1	 Tiny .
1	 bantam .
1	 midget Tiny .
1	 lilliputian Tiny .
1	 petite .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife even more pleased due its widescreen .
1	 My wife is its more pleased due to even widescreen .
1	 My wife is even widescreen pleased due to its more .
1	 My wife is still more please due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more be pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 wife is even pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due More to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is evening more pleased referable to its widescreen .
1	it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to transfer , preview , and files . 
1	it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize lodge . 
1	it 's easy transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to and , preview , transfer organize files . 
1	it 'transpose s easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's southward easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to transmit , preview , and organize files . 
1	it 's easy to transfer , organize , and preview files . 
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video pictures rock!
1	High quality pictures and video rock!
1	High prize video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video and pictures!
1	mellow High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High rock video and pictures quality!
1	High quality TV video and pictures rock!
1	High quality television and pictures rock!
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	product is way cooler than used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This intersection is way cooler than anything Ive put-upon before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus unaccompanied).
1	This ware is means cooler than anything Ive expend before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (earlier PcCillins and McCafees and Norton habituate Antivirus alone).
1	This path product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and nerveless Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way used Norton anything Ive cooler before (PcCillins and McCafees and than Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cooler than anything Antivirus PcCillins before (used and McCafees and Norton Ive alone).
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used (PcCillins McCafees Norton Antivirus alone).
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very good one.
1	Its  not very perfect system but its a a good one.
1	Its  not a perfect a but its system very good one.
1	Its  not a perfect system a very good one.
1	Its  not a sodding system but its a very practiced one.
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a one.
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very upright single.
1	Its  not a perfect system but its ampere a very good one.
1	Its  not a perfect system but its non a very good one.
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , beginning but i thinking was proven videodisc wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it dvds only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong not the read would when player my " alias " is as well . 
0	at start i recall it is only a marooned incident , but i was proven wrongfulness when the histrion would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , i was when the player would not read " " dvds as well . 
0	a first i thought incident is only at isolated it , but not was proven wrong when the player would i read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was A proven instrumentalist wrong when the player would not ace read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at initiative i idea it is only a set-apart incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " videodisc as fountainhead . 
0	at first i thought it is only isolated incident , but i was wrong when the player would not my " " as well . 
1	Gets nice sound too. 
1	Gets nice likewise sound too. 
1	nice sound too. 
1	Gets sound too. 
1	too nice sound Gets. 
1	arrest nice sound too. 
1	draw nice sound too. 
1	Gets nice sound also too. 
1	nice Gets sound too. 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - execute they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to agree use the bonk camera . 
1	the really auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and billet correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to iodin use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus well , but i love having the 12 optional modes - they are , and correspond to situations in which would actually seek to use the . 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having seek 12 many scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to optional situations in which i would use the to actually the camera . 
1	the auto-focus execute well , but i love having the 12 optional tantrum way - they are dummy-proof , and tally to many office in which i would actually seek to employ the camera . 
1	the auto-focus execute well , but i lovemaking having the 12 optional aspect modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many office in which i would actually essay to usance the camera . 
1	the auto-focus would well , having i love but seek 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i performs actually the to use the camera . 
1	the auto-focus performs , i love having the 12 optional scene modes - , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek use the camera . 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	then you want a sharp the, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, If this is looking camera for you! 
1	If you want sharp, fast digital camera and you don't need or want controls, then this is the for you! 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or embody want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you require a sharp depend, firm digital camera and you don't need or want manual manipulate, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you want a astute looking, loyal digital camera and you don't pauperism or lack manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast camera camera and you don't need or want manual then, controls this is the digital for you! 
1	If you want a sharp looking, camera and you need or want manual controls, then this the camera for you! 
1	If you want a sharp ascendance looking, fast digital camera and you don't need neediness or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
1	 This router works very well right out of the box .
1	 This router works very well workplace right out of the box .
1	 This router out very well right works of the box .
1	 This router mould very well good out of the box .
1	 This router lick very well ripe out of the box .
1	 This router very well right out the box .
1	 This works very well out of the box .
1	 very router works This well right out of the box .
1	 This router works very well right out really of the box .
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the splendid music quality , what i really uncovering transfix is reveal new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the intrigue excellent artist music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music surgery providers .
1	 Apart very easy to install , and excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering artists with Internet radio stations music providers .
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I very really find truly fascinating is discovering new selfsame artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart from being very prosperous to install , and the excellent music caliber , what I really happen fascinate is discover new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 the from being very easy to install , and Apart excellent music quality , what I really is fascinating find artists new discovering with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	 Apart very being from easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating or discovering Internet artists with new radio stations is music providers .
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the music quality , I really find fascinating is discovering artists Internet radio stations music providers .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed More that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I more dissapointed that Acer was n't was helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't More more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't helpful more .
0	 iodine was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 single was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that was n't more helpful .
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, absolutly to use, economical, effective, easy fabulous.
1	Great product, easy economical use, to, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, well-off to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly.
1	Great product, easy to use, expend economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, prosperous to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, gentle economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think the i interface is great.
1	I think is interface the great.
1	I is the interface think great.
1	I think the interface is outstanding.
1	I think interface is great.
1	I recall the interface is great.
1	I think the interface port is great.
1	I think the interface is.
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these shortcomings , digital still think it i the best is camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even with these , i think it is the best camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	flush with these shortcomings , i calm think it is the trump digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	with these shortcomings , i still think it the best digital camera under $ 1200 . 
1	level with these shortcomings , i tranquilize imagine it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even ace with these shortcomings , i still think it is personify the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	even it these shortcomings , i still think with is available best digital camera the under $ 1200 . 
1	even with yet these shortcomings , i still think it is the best equal digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	cut-outs for the controls not thought as there is too much material in the way to access the , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the hold is not mean out as there is too lots material in the way to adequately access the check , especially the scroll bike . 
0	the cut-outs for the is not thought out there is much material in the way to adequately the , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the besides controls is not thought out as there is too much material in ascendence the way to adequately A access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the ascendency is not mean out as there is too much corporeal in the way to adequately access the dominance , especially the ringlet wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for AS the controls is not thought out sentiment as there is too much material in the way to approach adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	adequately cut-outs for the controls is not controls out as the is too much material in there way to the access the thought , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	way cut-outs scroll the controls is not thought out access there is too much material in the the to adequately as the controls , especially the for wheel . 
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, nonetheless however it can be a little overly touchy tick at times, which will make you At frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The pawl wheel is implausibly convenient, however it can be a little overly ticklish at sentence, which will hit you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The click incredibly convenient, however it be a little overly touchy at times, which will you frustrated with your own.  
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however can be little overly touchy times, which will you frustrated with your fingers.  
1	  The click delicate wheel is incredibly convenient, however implausibly it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own form fingers.  
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, you it can be a little overly touchy at times, which with make however fingers will your own frustrated.  
1	  The clink bicycle is incredibly convenient, however it can be a trivial overly touchy at multiplication, which will hold you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	  The click wheel is be convenient, however little can incredibly a it overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated your with own fingers.  
1	color screen is good . 
1	color screen is just . 
1	color sieve screen is good . 
1	is screen color good . 
1	color is good . 
1	be color screen is good . 
1	color screen is goodness . 
1	color screen good . 
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
1	the changeable is very good and the colors are bright and even resolution ! 
1	the resolution is very and the colors are bright even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good and the color are shining and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very even and the colors are bright and good changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good the colors are bright and even ! 
1	the resolution is very honest and the colors are burnished and even changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even evening changeable ! 
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and real even changeable ! 
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	I like gamy to take pictures when single I flush Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives adenine the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	iodine like to pack pictures when I X out at night and perhaps some people would complain that dissonance floor are richly at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it apply the pictures a certain real-life select. 
1	I like to admit photo when I sound out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise floor are high at high iso's but I don't really care that much, i recall it make the pictures a certain real-life prime. 
1	I at to take pictures certain I Go really at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high like higher iso's but I don't out care that much, a think it gives the pictures i when real-life quality. 
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher truly iso's but I don't Night really care that much, i think practically it exist gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
1	I like to take pictures I Go out night and perhaps some people would that noise levels are higher iso's but I don't really care that much, think gives the pictures certain real-life quality. 
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps would complain that noise are high at iso's but I really care that much, think it gives the a certain real-life. 
1	I like to take pictures when I out Go at higher and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high much night iso's but I don't really care that at, i think pictures it the gives a certain real-life quality. 
0	the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other day when i was mind to a call , it interlock up and will not do anything now . 
0	the other when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do . 
0	the other day anything i up listening to a song , it locked was and will not do when now . 
0	the other day when was listening to a song , it up and not do anything now . 
0	the immediately other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything instantly now . 
0	the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up directly and will not do hear anything now . 
0	the day other when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do now anything . 
0	the other day when i was hear to a strain , it engage up and will not do anything now . 
0	I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this is a problem any camera of compact nature. 
0	I would think this is a problem with any camera of a thickset nature. 
0	I would imagine this is reckon a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this is a problem with of a compact nature. 
0	I would think this is a problem with any camera of a compendious nature. 
0	I would imagine this problem a is with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this is a problem with whatsoever any camera of a compact nature. 
0	I would imagine this camera a problem with any is of a compact nature. 
1	Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very easy camera who's for someone like me use just hopping on the digital to bandwagon.
1	Very easy to use for someone me who's just hopping the camera bandwagon.
1	Very easy to just use for someone like me who's just scarce hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	easy to use someone like me who's just on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very well-fixed to habituate for someone like me who's just hop on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very well-situated to habituate for someone same me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very easy to use for someone ME like selfsame me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Very easy to use for someone like me on just hopping who's bandwagon digital camera the.
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
1	the particularly like all " txt " file which records all the control information for i the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " platter file which records all the control information for command all the pictures you take. 
1	particularly like the " txt " file records all the control information for all the pictures take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all especially the control master information for all the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the ensure data for all the pictures you hold. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " all which for all the control information records file the pictures you take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the information all the you take. 
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which immortalize all the control information for all the envision you involve. 
1	This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full of have(has bluetooth).
1	good This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	This is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full of feature(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full of features(bluetooth has).
1	This one is full features(has bluetooth).
1	This one is features of full(has bluetooth).
1	This one is full lineament of features(has bluetooth).
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and verbaliser have no trouble balance wise , surgery or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They handling very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , oddly are or shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no fuss balance saucy , or manage oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , trouble have no and balance wise , or shaped oddly handling speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no ail counterbalance smart , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 are sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance , or oddly speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance handle wise , or handling oddly shaped hardy speakers .
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler!
1	*toddler a LOT of diapers--a full week of holds diapers!
1	*sustain a LOT of diapers--a full week of yearling diapers!
1	*holds bambino a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*arrest a plenty of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full of toddler!
1	*holds LOT a of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	*holds amp a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
1	 Life is good .
1	 Life is effective good .
1	 Life good .
1	 aliveness is good .
1	 Life life is good .
1	 is good .
1	 lifetime is good .
1	 is Life good .
1	 good is Life .
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, absolutely of the best-built most stylish ever.
1	It's stillness one of the smallest 2MP digital camera on the commercialize, and absolutely ace of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's one of smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, absolutely one of the most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still one small of the smallest 2MP digital cameras unrivaled on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	near It's i still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still one of the smallest and most cameras on the market, 2MP absolutely one of the best-built digital stylish cameras ever.
1	It's smooth one of the low 2MP digital camera on the market, and absolutely I of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's market one of the smallest 2MP the cameras still the on, and absolutely one of digital best-built most stylish cameras ever.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the Piston piston.
0	adhere Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below.
0	Also, diapers and wipes stimulate get in the grove below the piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove the below piston.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get sting in the grove below the plunger.
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in grove the piston.
0	Also, diapers the wipes get stuck in the grove below and piston.
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play song the three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to roleplay the song three times , with no winner . 
0	i tried to play the song three nobelium times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play the song three times , trey with no success . 
0	i to play the song three times , no success . 
0	i test to meet the song three times , with no success . 
0	to tried i play the song three times , with no success . 
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER replaceable.
0	Also, battery's the AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	besides, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER.
0	Also, the besides battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER also REPLACEABLE.
0	Also, REPLACEABLE battery's AREN'T USER the.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
1	Norton's memory employment on systems with 512 Mb is very low.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB M is very low.
1	Norton's usage on with 512 MB is very low.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems MB 512 with is very low.
1	remembering Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
1	Norton's MB usage on systems with 512 memory is very low.
1	Norton's usage on systems 512 MB is very low.
1	Norton's memory usage on system with 512 MB is very low-spirited.
0	The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software crashed CD repeatedly. 
0	The installation CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software CD package crashed repeatedly. 
0	The software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installment software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation package CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	The installation software CD cd crashed repeatedly. 
0	The flaw is inside the Zen. 
0	The is inside the Zen. 
0	The flaw fault is inside the Zen. 
0	The defect is inside the Zen. 
0	The flaw is the Zen. 
0	the flaw is inside The Zen. 
0	Zen flaw is inside the The. 
0	The flaw is inside exist the Zen. 
0	The flaw is inside the dot. 
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer comprise for me . 
1	the apex 2600 has been steady for me . 
1	apex 2600 has been a steady performer for . 
1	the apex 2600 has throw been a steady performer for me . 
1	the peak 2600 has been a becalm performer for me . 
1	the apex steady has been a 2600 performer for me . 
1	the steady 2600 has been a apex performer for me . 
1	the vertex 2600 has been a truelove performer for me . 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com for wrong has such a great price -- how can you go it ? 
1	and amazon.com has outstanding it for such a great price -- how can you outstanding go wrong ? 
1	and Amazon.com has it for such a majuscule price -- how can you tour wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has for such great price -- how can you wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a groovy price -- how can you pass damage ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great -- how you wrong ? 
1	and price.such has it for com a great amazon -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com Amazon has corking it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	the player 's package is very easy to use and very secure . 
1	player 's software is very easy use and very good . 
1	employ the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	the package player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
1	the player 's software is easy use and very good . 
1	the player 's software is very easy to utilise and very well . 
1	the player 's software is very easy to use very and good . 
1	the player 's very is software easy to use and very good . 
1	For the price I don't think you can beat it.
1	For the price I don't can beat it.
1	For the price I don't guess you can meter it.
1	For the price I don't think it can beat you.
1	For the price one don't think you can pulse it.
1	For the price think don't I you can beat it.
1	For the price I don't think you can iodine beat it.
1	For the price don't think you can beat.
1	For the unity price I don't think you can beat it.
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a supporter and its volume can take a small household for such a small Speaker system .
1	 Would definatley recommend organisation to a friend booster and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would its recommend small a friend and definatley volume can fill a to house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a Quaker and its volume can satiate a pocket-sized house for such a small verbaliser system .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and fill a can its volume small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 Would definatley to a friend and its volume can fill small house for such a small .
1	 Would definatley to a friend and its volume fill a small house for such a small .
1	 Would definatley recommend to a verbaliser friend and its Friend volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 is a great and carries lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a majuscule product and stockpile a Lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of networking capabilities its pride in for the price !
1	 This is a IT great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking plume capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a great product and carries a of pride in its networking capabilities for !
1	 This is a bully ware and stockpile a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This is a great product and carries deal a lot of pride in amp its networking capabilities for the price !
1	 This the a in product and carries a lot of pride great its networking capabilities for is price !
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	earpiece included the is very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy include to use . 
1	the included earpiece very comfortable and to use . 
1	is included earpiece the very comfortable and easy to use . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and use . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and well-heeled to employ . 
1	the included earpiece is very well-heeled and easy to purpose . 
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy promiscuous to use . 
1	if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if for a phone to integrate as as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if bind you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say mix stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are front for a headphone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i enounce bond with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are looking for with phone say integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i to stick a a sonyericsson.
1	if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the phones iSync, i stick with sonyericsson.
1	if you are looking for easily sonyericsson to integrate as a as the phone phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are looking call for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones I with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
1	if you are attend for a phone to incorporate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i read pose with a sonyericsson.
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and trifle some video dress and for a digital camera to return such right quality clips, i apply it 5/5 ace =) oh and btw, while you carry video prune, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but unruffled...(my old unrivaled can't do that...you have to zoom it showtime if you want then read the telecasting clip.)
1	i connected my snip camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a picture digital camera to take just such patch good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(nip my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it come first if you want then plot take the video clip.)
1	i my camera to tv and played some video clips and for a digital to take such good quality clips, give 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, take clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)... still...(my old can't do... have to zoom it first if you want take the video clip.)
1	i connected camera the tv played some video clips and for digital camera take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 =) oh and btw, while you clips, you can it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't that...you have to zoom first if want then the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and work some video lop and for a digital camera to contract such unspoilt timbre clips, i hold it v/5 star =) OH and btw, while you read video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but tranquillize...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then adopt the video dress.)
1	i connected only camera to the tv and to some video clips and for a digital camera played first such and quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh good video, while you take if clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom my though)...but still...(my old one can't then that...you have to zoom it take btw you want do take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and lease played some pentad video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and letting btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (letting digital whizz zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first telly if relate you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected and camera to the tv my played you video clips and then take digital camera to take but good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and you, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only it)...such still...(my old one can't do that...some have to zoom though first if btw want for a the video clip.)
1	it has a nice color screen . 
1	screen has a nice color it . 
1	it has nice color screen . 
1	emblazon it has a nice color screen . 
1	it has a nice distort screen . 
1	has a nice color screen . 
1	it has a gracious color screen . 
1	it a has nice color screen . 
1	it blind has a nice color screen . 
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool.
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones people and/or is cool.
1	The fact that you can depute ringtones to citizenry and/or groups is really poise.
1	The multitude fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/aggroup or groups is really cool.
1	or people that you can assign ringtones to fact and/The groups is really cool.
1	The fact that you can attribute ringtones to masses and/or groups is really chill.
1	The fact that you can assign allot ringtones to people and/Oregon or groups is really cool.
1	fact that you assign ringtones to people and/ groups is really cool.
1	The fact that you people assign ringtones cool can and/or groups is really to.
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	i do recommend this to anyone in need a new player . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in need very of a new player . 
1	i real do recommend this to anyone in pauperism of a new player . 
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in require of a new thespian . 
1	i advocate really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
1	really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new . 
1	i really do recommend this to of in need anyone a new player . 
0	Once it froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
0	Once single it erst froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take thusly out the battery.
0	Once it battery so turn I couldn't even use the power button to bad it off, and had to open and take froze the out.
0	Once it block froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button sol to turn it overt off, and had to open and take out the battery.
0	Once it so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn off, and to open take out the.
0	Once it froze bad couldn't use the power button it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
0	Once it froze so bad i couldn't even utilisation the power clitoris to turn it off, and had to undetermined and bring out the battery.
0	Once it froze so badly I couldn't fifty-fifty use the tycoon button to release it off, and had to open and choose out the battery.
0	Once it couldn't so bad I froze power use the even button to turn it off, and open to had and take out the battery.
0	 I find it too bright .
0	 find I it too bright .
0	 I find it too shining .
0	 I find determine it too bright .
0	 I it too bright .
0	 I find it too i bright .
0	 I find too bright .
0	 I it find too bright .
0	 ace find it too bright .
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so , really , that it does work terribly well as a silent option . 
0	so forte , really , that it does n't exploit abominably well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't clone work terribly well as a silent substantially ringer option . 
0	so trashy , really , that it does n't act terribly considerably as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , well , n't it does that work terribly really as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does terribly well as a silent ringer . 
0	cheap so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as coif a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , n't , that a does really work terribly well as it silent ringer option . 
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient net in walking real me through all the embody steps .
1	 I did have the connecting customer laptop to problem internet but there my service representative was very helpful through patient in walking me and all the steps .
1	 I did have problem laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking all steps .
1	 ane did have problem join my laptop to the internet but there customer overhaul illustration was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the footfall .
1	 I WA did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful really and patient Washington in walking me through all the steps .
1	 me did the problem connecting my laptop to very internet but there customer service representative was the helpful and patient in walking I through all have steps .
1	 I did have problem associate my laptop to the cyberspace but there customer servicing spokesperson was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the stair .
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to but there customer representative very helpful and patient in me through all the steps .
1	The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The quality significant and very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The quality is significant and worry you'll be very happy from saving time keep and the headache.      
1	The quality is time and you'll be from happy very saving significant and the headache.      
1	The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time.      
1	The quality timbre is significant and you'll be redeem very happy from saving time and the headache.      
1	The time is significant and very be you'll happy from saving quality and the headache.      
1	The prize is pregnant and you'll be very happy from economize time and the headache.      
1	The caliber is significant and you'll be very happy from economize clock and the headache.      
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax sound do feature n't did enhancement enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax sound feature did n't enough me and the custom eq was a 5 band eq . 
0	serve the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq sport was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax go enhancement feature did n't do sufficiency for me and the usance eq was a express 5 band eq . 
0	the sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom a limited 5 band . 
0	the eq sound enhancement was did n't do enough for me and the custom eax feature a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do equivalent enough for sufficiency me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax vocalize enhancement sport did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a bound 5 circle eq . 
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to an application.
0	application, it needs few minutes to open an Sometimes.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to clear an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an minute application.
0	Sometimes, it application few minutes to open an needs.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes sometimes to open an application.
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to unfold an application.
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for so as it turns. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even correct your preferred image to display for a 2d or so as it play on. 
1	Powerup favorite quick, and you can even set your is image to display for a second or so turns it as on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you so even set your favorite image for display to a second or can as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and can set favorite image to display for a second so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image showing to display for a Oregon second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even fit your favorite prototype to display for a mo or so as it bout on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you hence can even set your favorite image to display for IT a second or so as it turns on. 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point and manoeuver shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point and shoot and the were great . 
1	just point shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point and shoot and the photos were majuscule . 
1	just and point shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point and shoot and great photos were the . 
1	just orient and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	just point scarce and shoot and the photos were great . 
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case need really protective , and to me its the except headphones you is ( only good accessory ) . 
1	( didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the accessory you need ( except good ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its demur the earpiece only manage accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the free ( phone i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case earphone is really protective , and to me its the only accessory tranquilize you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	the justify ( i didnt experience they still did that ) stock causa is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except undecomposed headphones ) . 
1	the free ( i didnt know they that did still ) need case good really protective , and to me its the only accessory you carrying ( except is headphones ) . 
1	the ( i know they did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except ) . 
1	the justify ( i didnt cognise they still did that ) sway cause is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except salutary headphones ) . 
0	They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	They last about 1 until/2 years 1 the problems start.
0	They last about 1 1/2 years start the problems until.
0	They lastly about 1 1/two years until the problems start.
0	They conclusion about 1 1/2 years until the problems pop.
0	They last ii about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	They near last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	They last 1 1/2 until the problems start.
0	They last 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	the door would not close . 
0	close door would not the . 
0	the door would close . 
0	the door would not closemouthed . 
0	the door would not doorway close . 
0	the door non would not close . 
0	the door not would close . 
0	the door would not snug . 
0	door would not close . 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within sec of punch it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for windowpane.  (The HP translation number with Windows formatting, and strike endorse to modify to mackintosh.) Although the iPod can be switch from i format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod comes all for to Mac, but within seconds of plugging and into a PC, will automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows from, and takes seconds to change the Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed formatting one format to of, you is lose formatted another your music it data when doing so. 
0	 iPod comes formatted for Mac, but within plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and seconds change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you lose of your music and when doing. 
0	 The iPod comes follow formatted for the Mac, but axerophthol within seconds of plugging come it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes act seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod comprise can be changed transfer from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The from comes formatted takes the of, but within seconds Mac plugging it into a be, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (music HP version comes with Windows formatting, and for seconds to change to Mac.) Although changed iPod can PC the iPod one format to another, you will lose all of your The and data when doing so. 
0	 The formatted the Mac, but within seconds of it a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to to Mac.) Although the iPod be changed from one format to another, lose all your music and when doing so. 
0	 The iPod ejaculate formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP edition semen with Windows formatting, and subscribe indorse to switch to mack.) Although the iPod can be shift from ace formatting to another, you will mislay all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	 The iPod comes horsepower formatted for the Mac, buttocks but within seconds of plugging initialize it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from volition one format to another, you willing will lose inside all of your music and data when doing so. 
0	what a junk . 
0	what junk a . 
0	what a detritus . 
0	what a . 
0	adenine what a junk . 
0	a junk . 
0	a what junk . 
0	what a trash junk . 
0	what a debris . 
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or quint times so ALIR, and I've not to baffle either product cultivate properly.
0	times had to install and uninstall them four or five I've so far, and I've not to get working product either properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times quatern so far, and I've not to get either product working iv properly.
0	I've had to install uninstall four or five so far, and I've not to get either working properly.
0	to install and uninstall four or five times so far, and I've not to either product working properly.
0	I've had to install to uninstall them or four five times so far, and I've not and get either product working properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get IV either product working OR properly.
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or quintet metre so far, and I've not to sustain either product sour properly.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaint are that it should be rich or extensive as it doesn't even fit a minuscule sized garbage bag.
0	My main are complaints that it should be deeper or wider bag it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage as.
0	My main complaints are that comprise it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized live garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be mystifying or wide-eyed as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized refuse bagful.
0	My it complaints are that it should be as or wider bag main doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage deeper.
0	My complaints are that it be deeper or wider it doesn't even fit a smaller garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should deeper or wider as doesn't even fit a garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider modest as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized set garbage bag.
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with arrive the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, imitate the ability to automatically copy everything you import copy into a certain folder. 
0	The Creative MediaSource package that seed with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and eject my darling feature in iTunes, the power to automatically copy everything you import into a certain booklet. 
0	The copy MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro excludes cluttered, and is my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically Creative everything you folder into a certain import. 
0	The MediaSource that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes favorite feature in iTunes, the ability automatically copy everything you import into certain. 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is preferent cluttered, and excludes my favorite angstrom feature in iTunes, the ability to littered automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
0	to Creative my software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes MediaSource favorite feature in The, the ability iTunes into copy everything you import automatically a certain folder. 
0	Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and my favorite feature iTunes, ability to automatically copy everything you import into a. 
0	The originative MediaSource software that get with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and eject my favored feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically replicate everything you moment into a certain folder. 
1	the light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the perch auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the light auto-correction is dismount awesome . 
1	the light auto-correction awesome . 
1	light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the light-colored auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the awesome auto-correction is light . 
1	unclouded the light auto-correction is awesome . 
1	the light is auto-correction awesome . 
1	The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent in my area, bring I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent in sure area, I'm not my everywhere else.  
1	The radio lick excellent in my area, I'm not trusted everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent my area, I'm not everywhere else.  
1	The radio works excellent in my area, I'm tuner not sure everywhere else.  
1	The radio sour excellent in my area, I'm not indisputable everywhere else.  
1	radio works excellent in area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	The area works excellent in my radio, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These are faster and than in prior versions, and I found the menu be much more.
1	These tasks are found and easier and in prior versions, than I faster the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are faster fare and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be immobile much more navigable.
1	These in are faster and easier than the prior versions, and I found tasks menu much be to more navigable.
1	anterior These tasks are faster and represent easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tax are faster and easygoing than in prior versions, and I determine the fare to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks faster and easier in prior versions, and I found the menu to be more.
1	These tasks are loyal and promiscuous than in prior edition, and I notice the menu to be much more navigable.
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on embody this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	this functionality on the camera is mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-bending . 
1	the functionality on this camera mind-blowing . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - would have nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice show extras . 
0	quadruplet ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extra . 
0	extras ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice 4 . 
0	4 ) no or voice recording - these would have nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm represent or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	4 ) no fm or sound recording - these would have been skillful extras . 
0	4 ) no fm have voice recording - these would or been nice extras . 
1	it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it comes with good case that fits snuggly . 
1	it comes with good case that it snuggly . 
1	it seed with a good lawsuit that fits it snuggly . 
1	it it with a good case that fits comes snuggly . 
1	it comes with it good case that fits a snuggly . 
1	subject it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it comes with a good arrive case that fits it snuggly . 
1	it comes with a full fount that fits it snuggly . 
0	this thing is trash . 
0	thing is trash . 
0	this thing is scrap . 
0	this thing is deoxyephedrine trash . 
0	this thing is . 
0	this thing matter is trash . 
0	trash thing is this . 
0	this trash is thing . 
0	this thing is shabu . 
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this flaw a design is in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the phone!
0	Again, this is a blueprint flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in headphone!
0	Again, this blemish is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	in, this is a design flaw Again the headphone!
0	Again, this a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in defect the headphone!
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and look printed and 4x6 at they be great!
1	the photo can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they reckon slap-up!
1	the pics can be adjoin up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they bet outstanding!
1	touched in can be the up pics photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
1	buttocks the impress pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
1	the pics can touched up photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 they look great!
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be gravid printed at 4x6 and they look represent great!
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, be printed at 4x6 they look!
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with passably pretty pretty much makes sure you descend cant mess it up. 
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in the disc it comes pretty much makes sure mess it up. 
1	IT was a very straightaway setup and installation, in fact the disc that it fare with pretty much create sure you cant pot it up. 
1	It sure a very quick setup and installation, in it the disc that it was with pretty much makes comes you cant mess fact up. 
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact much disc that it comes with pretty the makes mess you cant up it sure. 
1	It was a wee very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes induce with pretty installment much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	It was a very nimble frame-up and installation, in fact the disc that it derive with pretty much hit sure you bank mess it up. 
1	It was a very quick and, in fact the disc that it comes pretty makes sure cant mess it up. 
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros..Speed  2. Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal 3  Strength.Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.Options.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration 1
1	Pros.one.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.gain Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.persuasiveness Advanced Configuration Options
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.advance Configuration alternative
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal  3.Advanced Options
1	advance Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals persona the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 Canon the rivals G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 touch in image quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in quality. 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image caliber. 
1	SD500 The rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	The SD500 the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they pictures the other end of the camera flat so you can the put camera using on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal made upright the self-timer.
1	made the other end of camera you can put the camera upright on a surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using self-timer.
1	they throw the other ending of the camera monotone so you can couch the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal exposure utilize the self-timer.
1	they the other of the flat so you can put the camera upright on flat surface if don't like to take usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they made charter the other end of the camera flat so you can put the closing camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like along to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
1	they made the other end of the camera straight so you can pose the camera upright on a savorless surface if you don't corresponding to adopt the usual horizontal see using the self-timer.
1	they made the the end of if camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a like surface the you don't flat to take the usual horizontal pictures using other self-timer.
1	they made the along other end of the camera former flat so you can just put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	burden cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i believe it would have been with the ipod as substantially . 
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been the with well as ipod . 
0	loading cds was as time-consuming , but with think it would have been i the ipod somewhat well . 
0	loading was somewhat time-consuming , but i think would have been with the ipod as . 
0	somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	loading iPod cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod simply as well . 
0	loading Cd was jolly time-consuming , but i opine it would have been with the ipod as well . 
0	passably loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been moderately with the ipod as well . 
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 then irksome , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So slow , that whatever it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 thus slow , that it is not useable for files of any sizing or back-ups .
0	 slow , that it is useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files of any size .
0	 So slow , embody that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So not , that it is slow useable for files of any size or back-ups .
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for or of any size files back-ups .
1	The router has plenty  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
1	The router has plenty  of power for any sight type of whatever bit or wood I need to cut, one and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
1	The router has hatful  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to burn, and the quicken assure  knob is easy to come to.
1	The knob has and  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, plenty the speed control  router get easy to is to.
1	The router has muckle  of power for any type of bit or wood i need to cut, and the speed command  knob is well-heeled to mother to.
1	The router typecast has plenty  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the speed control  knob is slowly easy to woodwind get to.
1	The router has plenty  of power any type of or wood I need to cut, and the speed  knob is to get.
1	has plenty  of any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the control  knob is easy to get to.
1	The router control plenty  of power for any type or bit of wood I need to cut, and the speed has  knob is to easy get to.
1	 Great Sound .
1	 Great wakeless .
1	 Sound Great .
1	 effectual Great Sound .
1	 Sound .
1	 Great dandy Sound .
1	 Great .
1	 corking Sound .
1	The phone is sturdy.
1	The phone sturdy is.
1	phone The is sturdy.
1	The phone sturdy.
1	The phone is tough sturdy.
1	The phone is headphone sturdy.
1	The headphone is sturdy.
1	The is sturdy.
1	The earphone is sturdy.
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future ; cost offsets over from wanting in a camera , 3x optical and fact it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it the whole package prove itself worthwile at the . 
1	4 mp gives you room for commencement the A future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in way a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it optic make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future reputation experience ; the offsets over time from wanting more worthwile a fact , 3x optical and the camera that it carries nikon 's quality gaining behind it make cost whole package prove itself price at the in . 
1	4 mp collapse you room for the future hit experience ; cost countervail over time from absent more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it deport nikon 's quality reputation derriere it seduce the whole package prove itself worthwile at the damage . 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; damage cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it quadruplet carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make cost the whole package MP prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	4 mp gift you room for the succeeding realize experience ; cost beginning over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it deport nikon 's quality reputation derriere it micturate the wholly package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	a mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more at 4 camera , 3x optical and the price that it carries reputation 's quality nikon behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile in the fact . 
1	mp gives you for future gaining experience ; cost offsets from wanting more in a , 3x optical and the that it nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
1	so far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far the software for the pc works then easily . 
1	the far the software for so pc works easily . 
1	so Interahamwe the software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far easily software for the pc works the . 
1	so far the plant software for the pc works easily . 
1	so far the software for the pc mold easily . 
1	far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	I really love this phone...
1	ane really love this phone...
1	I love this phone...
1	love really I this phone...
1	I really love this i phone...
1	I really love this call...
1	I really love single this phone...
1	I really love phone...
1	this really love I phone...
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also feature to automatically put in the song is n't always accurate . 
0	also the lineament to automatically put in the song entropy is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature always automatically put in the song information is n't to accurate . 
0	also the mechanically feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	have also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	feature the also to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	too the feature to automatically order in the song information is n't always accurate . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've used speakerphone for almost two and the battery did not even go down single bar . 
1	i 've used the once for almost two even speakerphone and the battery did not hours go down one single bar . 
1	i 've victimized the speakerphone for most two hours once and the battery did not even extend down nonpareil single bar . 
1	've used the speakerphone for almost two and the battery did even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone victimized for almost two I hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery banish did not even go down one hr single bar . 
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not eventide pass down one 1 cake . 
1	i 'hours used the speakerphone for almost two ve once and the battery bar not even go down one single did . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of the other people who have posted here who experience had many same normal that the hold is defectively designed , and will not product up to have use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own have and that of many other people who have mail here who have had the same know that the merchandise is defectively contrive , and will not grasp up to normal utilise . 
0	i 'm convinced positive by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here early who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , non and hold will not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own see and that of many other people who have place here who have had the same have that the ware is defectively design , and will not check up to normal utilize . 
0	i 'm is by my own experience and that of many other people who the posted here experience have had have same designed that the product convinced defectively who , and will not hold up to normal use . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here have had experience that the is defectively designed , will not hold up normal . 
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have convention posted here who have had the same experience receive that the product is defectively designed , past and will not hold up WHO to normal use . 
0	'm by my own experience and that many other people have posted here who have had the experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not up to normal . 
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was so I a 4gb from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the .
0	 I felt the system was irksome so i purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and supplant the criterion 2gb that came with the system .
0	 felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb from and replaced the standard 2gb that came the system .
0	 I came the system I slow so was purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that felt with the system .
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased crucell 4gb ram from a and replaced the standard 2gb the came with that system .
0	 I organization felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the wearisome standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system interchange was slow so I purchased follow a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was tardily so iodin purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that fall with the arrangement .
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend this router in minor every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 personally would recommend this router in every house hold or small environmnets .
1	 I personally recommend would this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would environmnets this router in every house hold or small buisiness recommend .
1	 unity personally would recommend this router in every house bear or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every house clench or minuscule buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would recommend indium this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 I personally would this router in house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and OH yeah . 
1	whippersnapper noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and yeah . 
1	noiseless , and lightweight oh yeah . 
1	noiseless , lightweight yeah oh and . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and oh yea yeah . 
1	noiseless , whippersnapper and oh yeah . 
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you commit that endure diaper in before actualise the unit is full.
0	it be frustrating and messy you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit full.
0	it can be unit and messy when you put that last diaper before in realizing the frustrating is full.
0	it can be frustrating unit messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing and the is full.
0	it can Indiana be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is mussy full.
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper personify in before realizing the unit concluding is full.
0	it can be frustrate and messy when you put that last-place diaper in before recognise the unit is full.
0	it can be frustrating when you put that last diaper in before the unit is full.
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
0	I the much I had same problems that everyone listed has else (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then of couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the so SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and number then I couldn't get the damn thing off my away computer completely!
0	had much of the same problems else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn off computer completely!
0	I had much of the same problems that has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), then I get the damn thing off my completely!
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (lots mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW dispatch processor), and then I Lapp couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
0	one had much of the same problems that everyone else has list (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't vex the damn thing off my figurer whole!
0	I had much of the computer problems that everyone else has listed (the the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't damn mainly get thing off my same completely!
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then single couldn't scram the damned thing off my figurer totally!
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	bluetooth my requirments for a camera were: good screen, decent phone, Among, and GPRS support.
1	Among my requirments for a earpiece were: full screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS hold.
1	screen my requirments for a phone were: good camera, decent Among, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	Among requirments for a phone: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, GPRS support.
1	my requirments for a phone were: good screen, camera, bluetooth, GPRS support.
1	Among my ampere requirments for a phone were: ampere good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent embody camera, bluetooth, embody and GPRS support.
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: secure concealment, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS reinforcement.
1	It is mindless to operate.
1	mindless is It to operate.
1	It is mindless run to operate.
1	It follow is mindless to operate.
1	It is mindless to manoeuvre.
1	It is mindless to work.
1	It mindless to operate.
1	It mindless is to operate.
1	It is mindless to.
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the roll scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a of bit a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit exclude of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit a pain . 
0	bit scroll bar is a the of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a moment of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a botheration . 
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	iodine noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well pee and form well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob easily and collet are also well made and work well too.
1	I noticed the adjustment knob and are well made and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and considerably collet are well made and work boss well too.
1	I the that made micro adjustment knob and collet are well noticed and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro knob and collet well and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and and are well made well work collet too.
1	1 noticed that the micro adaption knob and ferrule are well made and work well too.
1	and we still LOVE it!
1	jazz and we still LOVE it!
1	and we still hump it!
1	and we LOVE it!
1	and we still jazz it!
1	and still LOVE it!
1	and it still LOVE we!
1	and we still LOVE IT it!
1	LOVE we still and it!
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the program to living properly has been a install hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install properly has receive been a living hell experience . 
0	hell the program to install properly has been a living getting experience . 
0	getting program to install properly has been a hell experience . 
0	getting the program to instal decently has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living . 
0	getting the ampere program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	induce the program to install properly has been a living pit experience . 
0	All in all, not very good.
0	in All all, not very good.
0	All entirely in all, not very good.
0	All in all, not very rattling good.
0	in all, not very good.
0	All in all, not very right.
0	All very all, not in good.
0	All in all, not very dependable.
0	All in all, not very.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	The adjustment knob displume seemed ok, but when lowering node the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	knob seemed ok, but when lowering router, I have to practically pull it down while the knob.
0	The adjustment knob ok, but lowering the router, have to pull it down while turning the knob.
0	The adjustment knob router ok, but when lowering the seemed, I have to practically the it down while turning pull knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed hunky-dory, but when lowering the router, i have to practically rend it down while turning the node.
0	The adjustment allowance knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically much pull it down while turning the knob.
0	The adjustment knob appear ok, but when depress the router, one have to practically pull it down while turn the knob.
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but to lowering the router, I have when practically pull it the while turning down knob.
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	roam of functions - as argue above - it has something for everyone : peak and inject power plus advanced functions for those who are good about photography . 
1	as of functions - range indicated advanced - it has above for everyone : point and shoot power plus something functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	range betoken of functions - as indicated above - it has WHO something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for progress those who are serious about photography . 
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it something for everyone : point and shoot power plus functions those are about photography . 
1	range functions - as indicated - it has something for everyone : point shoot power advanced functions for those who are about photography . 
1	positive range of functions - as indicated above - it be has something for everyone : point and shoot power incontrovertible plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	grasp of functions - as betoken above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot might plus modern officiate for those who are serious about photography . 
1	range as functions - of indicated above - it has something for everyone : about and shoot power plus advanced functions for those photography are serious point who . 
1	this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	this is the third apex stay product merchandise i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	this is the third apex product i ' and they continue to impress for the . 
1	is this the third price product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the apex . 
1	this is the third apex i 've bought and they to impress for price . 
1	this is the one-third apex product i 've corrupt and they continue to impress for the damage . 
1	this vertex is the buy third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	this is the 3rd apex product i 've bought and they retain to print for the price . 
1	this is the bought apex product i 've third and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
1	 I got , great , great sound for size and price , I that the volume towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my , highly recommend this tower .
1	 I got it today , it works great , great levelheaded sound for its size and price , I understand heavy that the volume for iPhone sizing and the towers own volume are two different things that should ii be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control At my i iPhone , I highly recommend this localise tower .
1	 I acquire it today , it sour great , bully sound for its size and terms , I understand that the book for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be send at the rightfulness measures to bewilder the best fathom caliber so I do n't complain for the fact of the outside not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this loom .
1	 I it today , works great , great sound for its size and , I that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the measures to the sound quality I do complain for the fact the remote being able to control iPhone , I highly recommend this .
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for its extremely size and price , I i understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get ane the better IT sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote quetch not being matter able to control my iPhone , I highly prize recommend this tower .
1	 I nonplus it now , it bring smashing , great strait for its size and price , 1 understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be locate at the properly standard to baffle the near levelheaded quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this predominate .
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for not the and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and size towers own so are things different two that being recommend placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality volume I do n't complain for the my of the remote its should able to control fact iPhone , I highly be this tower .
1	 I got it today , it works great , size sound for the great better price , I understand volume the that for iPhone remote the towers own volume are fact different things that should be placed at the right measures to get the and do quality so I sound n't complain for the two of its and not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality why its so cheap - small scratches on the plate , something that you would n't on a sony and an plasticky 
0	the build quality shows why its thus so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that wampum you would n't see attend on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratching on the Base denture , something that you would n't look on a sony and an overall plasticky feeling 
0	the build quality a why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you and n't see overall shows sony would an on plasticky feel 
0	the build quality evidence why its so cheap - small scratch on the mean plate , something that you would n't view on a sony and an boilersuit plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - scratches on the base plate , that you would n't see on and an plasticky feel 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base feel , something that an a n't see on would sony and you overall plasticky plate 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the display base plate , something that you would n't A see on home a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
1	 - Sound quality is good .
1	 - Sound quality is .
1	 - Sound is good .
1	 - good quality is Sound .
1	 - Sound prime is good .
1	 - Sound quality good is .
1	 - Sound quality is legal good .
1	 - Sound quality is thoroughly .
1	 - secure Sound quality is good .
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and damaging difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	electronegative : impossibly tiny and difficult to function , barely visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly button and difficult to operate , barely visible , power tiny . 
0	negative : release impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , hardly visible , mogul button . 
0	negative : impossibly visible and difficult to operate , barely tiny , power button . 
0	negative : tiny and difficult to operate , barely , power button . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , , power button . 
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	if you to looking video a small camera are throw in your pocket, take great pics and for, get the SD500. 
1	if you are looking for a front small camera to throw in indium your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	if you are looking for a small in to throw camera your take, pocket great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	you are looking for small camera to throw in your pocket, take great and video, the SD500. 
1	if you are looking for a small to throw pocket, take great pics and, get the SD500. 
1	if you are attend for a small camera to throw in your pocket, fill swell pics and TV, get the SD500. 
1	if you are await for a small camera to give in your pocket, necessitate great film and video, get the SD500. 
1	if bag you are looking for a small camera to throw in your adenine pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out meretricious.
1	It films 10 second arcsecond video, for crying out loud.
1	It films crying second video, for 10 out loud.
1	It films 10 second video, extinct for crying out loud.
1	It films second video, for crying out loud.
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out trashy.
1	It films 10 second video, for crying loud.
1	It films 10 for video, second crying out loud.
1	another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another reason i got it on because you can put wma files is it . 
1	another reason i IT got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another reason i beat it is because you can redact wma files on it . 
1	another cause i produce it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	another reason i got it is because can put wma files it . 
1	another reason i got it is it you can put wma files on because . 
1	another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on bottom it . 
1	reason i got it is you can put wma files on it . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	near seemed like close a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then similar concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a deal , but frequently cannot dvds and music cds -- takes a time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long prospicient time farseeing loading and then concludes , " sentence no disc " . 
0	seemed like a ripe slew , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- involve a recollective time lade and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a upright plow , but this Po frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- pack a long time adulterate and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed a deal , but pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music -- takes long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a concludes deal , then this pos frequently cannot a dvds and music cds -- takes recognize long time loading and but good , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good and , but pos cds frequently cannot recognize dvds deal music a -- takes this long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
1	I love this product!
1	I love this intersection!
1	this love I product!
1	I love this hump product!
1	I love this!
1	I product this love!
1	I love product!
1	I bang this product!
1	I production love this product!
0	It DOES take some getting used to. 
0	It DOES payoff some getting used to. 
0	It subscribe DOES take some getting used to. 
0	It DOES getting some take used to. 
0	It DOES take some come used to. 
0	some DOES take It getting used to. 
0	DOES take some getting used to. 
0	It DOES take getting used to. 
0	IT It DOES take some getting used to. 
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross price gouging) as the company royally you on every conceivable accessory necessary for usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have everyday been a take great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as profiteer the company royally sticks you secret on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	AS I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden care (show earthy profiteering and terms gouging) as the companion royally wedge you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	angstrom I wrote, this COULD have been a corking product, but expect concealed excite (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the companion royally dumbfound you on every conceivable accouterment necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	royally normal wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (you gross profiteering and price gouging) every the company As sticks read on as conceivable accessory necessary for I daily usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (embody read usance gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company incarnate royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for await normal daily usage.     
0	As wrote, this COULD been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as company sticks you on every conceivable accessory daily usage.     
0	As a wrote, this COULD have normal I royally product, but expect hidden great (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company charges sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for been daily usage.     
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have it use to with iTunes - or about sue, dammit!  But iTunes is they'll as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to use it expend with iTunes - or they'll drop sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	too, you have to habituate it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  only iTunes is about as effective as anything. 
1	Also, you to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  is as good as anything. 
1	Also, you to it iTunes - they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, A dammit!  adenine But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have dammit use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, to!  But about is iTunes as good as anything. 
1	too, you have to enjoyment it with iTunes - or they'll Sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as ripe as anything. 
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It not hang up on calls.
0	up would not hang It on calls.
0	not would It hang up on calls.
0	It would not upward hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on name.
0	It would not hang on calls.
0	It would not phone hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on call.
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through blocked viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the the left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is bottom by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the backside leftfield corner of the characterisation ( about 15 % ) is blockade by the lens . 
0	when you look through the ( not the ) bottom left corner of picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not lcd ) bottom left of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the . 
0	when you look through be the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about non 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you depend through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the keister left corner of the envision ( about 15 % ) is immobilise by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom picture corner of left the ( the 15 % ) is blocked by about lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( impede not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the LCD picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 'lock-up also had the nomad zen ve several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad Zen lock-up several sentence . 
0	i 've also had the nomad battery-acid lock-up several time . 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen times . 
0	pane i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad times lock-up several zen . 
0	i 've also had ace the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the zen lock-up several . 
1	 Well it had good power but no precision at all .
1	 comfortably it had good exponent but no precision at all .
1	 Well it had good power but no precision at astatine all .
1	 Well it had good power but no at .
1	 Well it had good all but no precision at power .
1	 Well it had good at but no precision power all .
1	 Well it good power no precision at all .
1	 Well it had good power but commodity no precision at all .
1	 Well it had adept office but no precision at all .
1	it 's a very intuitive program . 
1	it 'nonrational s a very intuitive program . 
1	it 's a very intuitive programme . 
1	it 's IT a very intuitive program . 
1	's a very intuitive program . 
1	s 'it a very intuitive program . 
1	it 's a very intuitive platform . 
1	it 's a very program . 
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	low got this camera for an unbelievably I price at amazon.
1	I got this camera for unbelievably low at amazon.
1	I got this camera for an stimulate unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I obtain this camera for an unbelievably low toll at amazon.
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low AN price at amazon.
1	I mystify this camera for an unbelievably low price at virago.
1	I got camera for unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably amazon price at low.
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	Some features that almost the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me synchronise on shelling my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much i more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I about can change the approximately battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	Some that 'Zen Micro' that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD card... large and much more than needed, to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the battery life of about 10 12 hours (I can change the battery myself for about $40 to vs. 
1	Some sport that the 'Elvis Micro' has that sold me on my buy include: a 5G surd movement...actually an SD shoot card drive...very bombastic and much more than actually necessitate, the ability to synchronise with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery aliveness of about 10 to 12 hours (I can alteration the battery myself for about $40 to buy 5. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on change my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...rattling actually an SD flash card drive...very large and wag much more than actually needed, the alteration ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I shelling can change the really battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has a sold me much my purchase include: that 5G hard drive...myself an SD flash calendar drive...to large and on more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft hours card, the long battery life of about 10 very 12 Outlook's (I can change the battery actually for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on purchase include: a 5G drive...actually an SD flash card...very large and much than actually needed, the ability sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, long life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can the battery myself for about $40 to vs. 
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase admit: a 5G arduous drive...actually an SD shoot card campaign...very prominent and much more than actually requisite, the power to synchronise with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about X to 12 hours (I can alteration the bombardment myself for about $forty to buy vs. 
1	Some features that Microsoft 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...drive an SD flash card actually...very more and much large than actually needed, the sync to 12 about the Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of with 10 to ability hours (I 40 change the battery myself for about $can to buy vs. 
0	some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
0	some movies it played yesterday , pic it wo n't play today . 
0	some movies it roleplay yesterday , it wo n't wager today . 
0	some movies it played yesterday , it wo play . 
0	some movies it meet yesterday , it wo n't manoeuvre today . 
0	some n't it played yesterday , it wo movies play today . 
0	some movies played yesterday , it wo play today . 
0	some movies it played yesterday , encounter it wo n't play today . 
0	some movies it wo yesterday , it played n't play today . 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no vocalize activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no thinking activated dialing ( what were they voice 
0	- were voice activated dialing ( what no they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they intelligent 
0	- voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they 
0	- no voice activated cerebration dialing ( what were they thinking 
0	- no voice activated dialing ( nobelium what were they thinking 
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very coolheaded.  
1	And I must say...this MP3 cool very is.  
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very rattling cool.  
1	And I must this...say MP3 is very cool.  
1	And I must say...this MP3 very cool.  
1	And I moldiness say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	And must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	articulate And I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the command advanced controls on As the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes digital head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own harmonize a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls digital on the SD500 are not rise as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital and I agree that the advanced controls the are not robust, but picture goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	robust also own a advanced overall Rebel and I agree that the Canon controls on the SD500 are not as I, but Digital picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	1 too own a Canon Digital Rebel and unity check that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall image quality expire head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	ane also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the elevate contain on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall depict quality decease head-to-head with the Digital rebel. 
0	I also Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as, but overall quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon are Rebel and I agree head-to-head the advanced controls on the SD500 Digital not robust as, but overall picture quality goes that with the Digital Rebel. 
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the discover are end together , and the layout is a prick funky in coitus to banner rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	bit keys are to together , and the is layout a the funky in relation close standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys are conclude together , and the layout is a act foul-smelling in copulation to banner rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys are close together , and noisome the layout is cost a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout just keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys are , and the layout is bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it ' not weird . 
0	the keys are close together , and inwards the layout is relative a bit funky in relation to inward standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys relation rectangular together , and the layout is weird bit funky in are to standard close layout keypads , but it 's not too a . 
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation rectangular keypads , but it ' not too . 
1	amazon is awaesome ! 
1	amazon awaesome is ! 
1	amazon awaesome ! 
1	amazon is virago awaesome ! 
1	virago is awaesome ! 
1	Amazon is awaesome ! 
1	is awaesome ! 
1	virago amazon is awaesome ! 
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to price who wants a set small of but effective computer speakers at a reasonable someone .
1	 Overall I but reccomend these to someone who wants a reasonable of small would effective computer speakers at a set price .
1	 Overall i would reccomend these to person who wants a solidification of small but effective computer speaker at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these fair to someone who wants a merely set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wishing a solidifying of minor but effective computer speakers at a reasonable terms .
1	 Overall I would simply reccomend A these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants set of small effective computer speakers at a .
1	 I would these to someone who wants a set of small effective computer speakers at reasonable price .
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be upright and the mp3 player function like a dream , i could n't afford this anything but a quintet , i wish there was a VI . 
1	the software A could n't be better and the mp3 player works A like a dream , i could n't adenine give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like iodin a dream , i could regard n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was ampere a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be better a the mp3 works player like a dream , i could n't i this anything but a 5 , give wish there was and 6 . 
1	the software could n't be adept and the mp3 player forge similar a dream , i could n't apply this anything but a 5 , i want there was a 6 . 
1	the could n't be better and the player works like , i n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works a dream , could give this anything a 5 , wish there was a 6 . 
1	anything software a n't be better and the like player works mp3 could dream , i could n't give this the but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this great , i like to use to pick up tough stains on my and to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is along great , i like to use it ilk to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track on records . 
1	this thing is keen , i like to employ it to beak up tough brand on my countertop and besides to listen to my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is great , i like to utilise it to pickax up tough discolouration on my countertop and also to listen to my Old 8-track read . 
1	thing this to great , i like to use it is pick up tough to on my countertop and also to listen stains my old 8-track records . 
1	thing is great , like to it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and to listen my old 8-track records . 
1	this thing is great , i like old use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and listen to 8-track to my to also records . 
1	this thing is great , i IT like to use it to along pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
0	there was neither picture nor sound . 
0	there sound neither picture nor was . 
0	there was neither fancy nor sound . 
0	thither there was neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither picture nor exist sound . 
0	there picture neither was nor sound . 
0	was neither picture nor sound . 
0	there was neither picture nor . 
0	there was neither project nor sound . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must considered the best image quality of any > 4 , from a detail , balance and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 paradigm delivers what must be considered the best regard image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal tonic balance and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered consider the best eyeshot image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color whatsoever response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must digicams considered image best the quality of any current > 4 megapixel be , from a detail , tonal balance and color view point of response . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the honest fancy quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and discolour response manoeuver of perspective . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the practiced image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal equaliser and colouring response guide of regard . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must the best quality of any current > 4 megapixel , from a , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what response of considered the best image a be any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from quality detail , tonal balance and color must point of view . 
0	Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course one of me first things I did Creative write an email they the customer support at was, through completely website, and the by time they finally got back to the - several working days later when to promise only one - their suggestions were their worthless. 
0	Of course one of the first things I ane did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and matter by the maiden time they finally got back to me - several working run days later when they promise creative only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course one of the I did was write an the support at Creative, through their website, and by the they finally got back - several working days later when they promise only - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course one of the matter first things I did was write an email arrange to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later stomach when netmail they promise only one - their totally suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of course unity of the commencement things I did was spell an email to the customer endorse at Creative, through their website, and by the metre they finally suffer back to me - several process days later when they foretell only i - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Of the one of the first one I did was write an email to worthless customer support at Creative, they their website, and by course time they finally got to back me - several working days later when through promise only things - their suggestions were completely the. 
0	Of course one the things I did was write an email to the customer support Creative, through their website, and the time they got me - several working days when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely. 
0	Of course ace of the first thing I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the metre they last arrest spine to me - several cultivate days later when they prognosticate only i - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "programme scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for expectation!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find look the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "program rake" feature did NOT discovery the EXE file for Outlook!
0	Seems the "Outlook scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for program!
0	Seems "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT the EXE file for!
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find for EXE file the Outlook!
0	Seems the "program scan" charge feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a home theater and 's amazing how it sounds , the picture unmatched ! 
1	i use this unmated with a home theater system strait and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a abode field system and it 's bewilder how it sounds , the render clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i theater this with a home use it and it 's amazing how system sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i manipulation this with a home theater system and it 's astonish how it sounds , the picture lucidness is nonpareil ! 
1	i domicile use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , unrivalled the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use this with a home and it 's amazing how , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	i use it with a clarity theater system and it 's amazing how this sounds , the picture home is unmatched ! 
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to preform well below expectations for this price .
0	 I tested these speakers and receive them to preform well below prospect for this price .
0	 I tried speakers and them to well below expectations for this price .
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to preform damage well toll below expectations for this price .
0	 iodine seek these speakers and recover them to preform well below expectations for this price .
0	 I these speakers and found them to preform well below for this .
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to below well preform for expectations this price .
0	 I tried these speakers and bump found them to preform well cost below expectations for this price .
0	 I them these speakers and found below to preform well tried expectations for this price .
0	Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it but needs better to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it unspoiled but needs to follow out with a quint gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it proficient but needs to semen out with a 5 lance mini.     
0	Apple it better but needs to come with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it better but needs to with a 5 mini.     
0	Apple stil axerophthol does it better but needs to come out miniskirt with a 5 gig mini.     
0	Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 fin gig simply mini.     
0	Apple 5 does it better but needs to come mini with a stil gig out.     
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the that are n't drawings great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the are n't great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the suck are n't that large .
0	 Assembly is a little amp awkward because the drawings are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because footling the drawings are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a little n't because the drawings are awkward that great .
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because are n't that great .
0	 Assembly is a small awkward because the quarter are n't that great .
1	 Overall a sweet machine .
1	 sweet a Overall machine .
1	 Overall ampere a sweet machine .
1	 Overall a fresh machine .
1	 Overall a machine .
1	 Overall sweet machine .
1	 Overall sweet a machine .
1	 Overall motorcar a sweet machine .
1	 Overall a sweetness machine .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of act cx501 .
1	 It flawlessly works during installation of cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly during of cx501 .
1	 It of flawlessly during installation works cx501 .
1	 It form flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of .
1	 It works flawlessly during installation IT of cx501 .
1	 It solve flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer stuff top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer totally stuff is top notch !
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is whirligig notch !
1	 All the latest top stuff is Acer notch !
1	 All the latest Acer former stuff is top notch !
1	 the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	 totally the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	 is the latest Acer stuff All top notch !
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, In though, when signalise the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when FM Zen able proved Micro to play only the mega-strongest the signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play the mega-strongest FM signals area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro raise able to spiel only the mega-strongest Fm sign in my area.  
0	Imagine my, though, Zen Micro able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when imagine the Zen Micro proved domain able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the pane Micro demonstrate able to fun only the mega-strongest FM signals in my expanse.  
0	my my disappointment, though, when Imagine Zen Micro proved able to play only the FM mega-strongest signals in the area.  
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a niggling tricky but when it was done the Speaker vocalize really beneficial .
1	 way I have to put my was a little tricky but when it was done speakers sound really good .
1	 The way I have to put in merely my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the ane speakers sound really good .
1	 The really I have to put in my I-Pod was a when tricky but little it was done the speakers sound way good .
1	 The way I have to position in my I-Pod was a lilliputian tricky but when it was done the speakers sound genuinely full .
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but inward when it was in done the speakers sound really good .
1	 The was I have to put in my I-Pod the a little tricky but when it was done really speakers sound way good .
1	 The I have put in my was a little tricky but when it was done speakers sound really good .
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to stochasticity ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , aver , a radio undulation ; a declamatory stn ratio is meliorate ) is dainty and high at 98 decibles , and it should be note that apple decline to exit the stn proportion of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , astatine a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is xcviii nice information and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the enjoin stn ratio of any utilitarian of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio A is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be axerophthol noted that suppose apple refuses to release utilitarian the stn ratio decline of any of the ipods . 
1	the noise ratio ( the , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn is ) is nice 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the detectable to noise ratio ( the ratio stn signal , of data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger of ratio is better ) is and nice high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple stn to release the refuses ratio of any useful the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( say ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , the , a radio ratio ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and any should be stn that apple refuses to release the noted ipods of of it the wave . 
1	the signalize to dissonance ratio ( the ratio of perceptible , useful data to unusable drivel in , say , a radiocommunication wave ; a large stn ratio is secure ) is nice and eminent at 98 decibles , and it should be observe that apple refuses to exit the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , radio ; a larger stn ratio is ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it be noted that apple release stn ratio of ipods . 
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The tinct controls took a small getting habituate to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	rival The touch controls took a little getting used trace to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch controls took a getting used but now I wouldn't change it for the wheel. 
0	The touch I took a scroll getting used to but now controls wouldn't change it for the little wheel. 
0	touch controls took a getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll. 
0	The touch petty controls took a little getting used match to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch ascertain make a little getting used to but now iodin wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The scroll controls change a little getting used to but now I wouldn't took it for the touch wheel. 
1	the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very easy to use , and listen within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one iodin of forbidden my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very usance easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of XXX my 80 hatchway cds . 
1	my and is very easy to use , one within 30 minutes of opening the box , i was out software about listening to any and of my 80 cds . 
1	the software very easy , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was and about listening to any one my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very wanton to role , and within 30 min of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any unity of my 80 cadmium . 
1	the software is very easy to use , box within 30 minutes of opening my and , i was one and my listening to any out of about 80 cds . 
1	the software is very to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my , i out and about to any one my 80 cds . 
1	the software is very easygoing to employment , and within 30 proceedings of gap my box , i was out and about listening to any 1 of my 80 cds . 
1	Go for the Champ.
1	Go the Champ.
1	perish for the Champ.
1	Go for the chomp Champ.
1	go for the Champ.
1	Champ for the Go.
1	function Go for the Champ.
1	Go the for Champ.
1	Go for Champ.
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone sound who has a small portable computer and wants axerophthol a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is lapdesk very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants external a and a speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very upright selection for anyone who has a small portable figurer and wants a lapdesk and external talker .
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 for in all , this is a portable good option All anyone who has a small very computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 in all , this is a very good for anyone who has a small portable and wants a lapdesk and external .
1	 All wholly in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external altogether speakers .
1	 all in all , this is a very proficient selection for anyone who has a low portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just IT read what's on their along website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service isn't their either; they just read what's to helpful website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) on do it.
0	 There technical servicing isn't helpful either; they just say what's on their website and burden you $fifty (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just bash read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to IT do it.
0	 There technical service isn't charge do; they just read what's on their website and helpful you $50 (+ toll fees) to either it.
0	 technical service isn't helpful either; they just what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll) do it.
0	 There technical service helpful either; just what's on their website and you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
0	 There proficient Service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and tutelage you $50 (+ toll fee) to do it.
1	learning how to use it will not take very long . 
1	how to use it not take very long . 
1	learning how to use it will not take very IT long . 
1	read how to use it will not choose very long . 
1	learning how to use it will employ not take very long . 
1	it how to use learning will not take very long . 
1	learning very to use it will not take how long . 
1	learning how to purpose it will not conduct very long . 
1	learning how to use it will not take . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 arcminute - no clangoring or problems . 
1	i uploaded the and new software in minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded upload the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no problem crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded drivers and new software in 15 minutes - crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the in and new software drivers 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
1	i uploaded the drivers and Modern software in 15 minute - no crashes or problems . 
1	in uploaded the drivers and new software i 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is not does stay in place.
0	The sliding non latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch persist is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in shoes.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in order.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in.
0	The sliding stay is does not latch in place.
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	squeamish the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , well-situated to examine in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy daylight see in the to , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to reckon in the daylight , with nice coloring . 
1	the is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice . 
1	the in is bright , easy to see screen the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in check the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	 This was very prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This very prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was very prompt criterion shipping service .
1	 This was very be prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was prompt standard shipping service .
1	 very was This prompt standard shipping service .
1	 This was very prompt standard personify shipping service .
1	 standard was very prompt This shipping service .
1	 This was very instigate standard shipping service .
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only affair i 'm worry about is the lineament / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the M only thing i 'm concerned almost about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm about is the quality / longevity of buttons the thing . 
0	the only thing the 'm concerned is about the quality / longevity of the buttons on i thing . 
0	the only thing 'm concerned about is the / of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only matter i 'm interest about is the quality / longevity of the button on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm the about buttons concerned quality / longevity of the is on the thing . 
0	the only seniority thing i 'seniority m concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose cut i should 'IT ve vocal done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	non not non counting the PC time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not count the clip i dog-tired editing the songs ( i theorise i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the carry-over was pretty painless . 
1	not done the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've counting it pretty on transfer pc ) the my was anyway painless . 
1	not counting the time i washed-out editing the songs ( i say i should 've arrange it anyway on my microcomputer ) the transfer was fairly painless . 
1	counting not the time i spent editing the songs ( i done i should 'painless suppose it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty ve . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose should ' done it anyway on ) the transfer pretty painless . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the ( i suppose should 've done it on my ) the transfer pretty painless . 
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with , although picture qualities as good other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , picture qualities are as good as any other mp cameras , i ' had following headaches ; 
1	with although , nikon picture are qualities as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	I with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following MP headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although scene qualities are as goodness as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the next concern ; 
1	with nikon , although envision lineament are as dependable as any other quartet mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with nikon , although i qualities are as good as any mp 4 other cameras , picture 've had the following headaches ; 
1	with figure nikon , although picture qualities lineament are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, IN this player is beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, this player decision is beautiful. 
1	In close, this player is beautiful. 
1	conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	IN conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, this beautiful is player. 
1	In this, conclusion player is beautiful. 
1	In conclusion, player is beautiful. 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 'run s operating system . 
0	other system problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating tagging . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from nomad 's operating . 
0	other tagging i result ( problems think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	tagging problems result ( i think ) from nomad 's operating system . 
0	other track problems issue ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i intend ) from the nomad 's operating organization . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) mho from the nomad 's operating system . 
1	I have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
1	one have an ipod and it is a cracking buy. 
1	I have an ipod and it corrupt is a great buy. 
1	I have an ipod it and is a great buy. 
1	I A have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
1	I an ipod and is a great buy. 
1	iodin have an ipod and it is a great bargain. 
1	I have is ipod and it an a great buy. 
1	I have an and it a great buy. 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you LET take pics with it on which is real assume good . 
1	it does have a lense capital , but it wo n't let you film pics with it on which is actual commodity . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but n't let you with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a only lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which photograph is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't LET you consume pic with it on which is real full . 
1	it on let a lense cap , but it wo n't have you take pics with it does which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo on let it take pics with you n't which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you pics which is real good . 
1	i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i just it read a thing about how to operate it -- n't was did intuitive . 
1	i ampere did n't A read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was . 
1	i did n't learn a thing about how to manoeuver it -- it was just nonrational . 
1	i did n't show a matter about how to control it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i matter did n't read a thing about how IT to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
1	i did n't read a thing just intuitive to operate it -- it was about how . 
1	i n't read a thing about to operate it -- it just intuitive . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and process had to hit the painless button as that was a fairly reset i but well . 
0	the but fairly did lock had a few times and i up to hit the reset button unit that was a itself painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the litigate reset ampere button but manage that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	unit itself did lock up a few times and i had the reset button that was fairly painless process as well . 
0	the whole itself did whorl up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a reasonably painless outgrowth as fountainhead . 
0	the unit itself did whorl up a few times and i had to slay the reset button but that was a fair painless treat as intimately . 
0	the unit procedure itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless intimately process exist as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times i had to hit the reset but that a fairly process as . 
1	i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'extremely m glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm super glad i bought this camera . 
1	'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm yard extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'glad extremely m i bought this camera . 
1	mebibyte i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely glad i this camera . 
1	i 'm extremely beaming i bought this camera . 
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one of the subsequently disks was finally recognized but video was poor and pathetic features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one the was finally recognized video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , usable one of the disks was finally recognized saucer but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple try , unitary of the disks was finally acknowledge but video was poor and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one was the disks of finally poor but video was recognized and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , matchless of the disks was ultimately recognized but video was inadequate and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one the was finally recognized but video was and features not available . 
0	after multilple tries , one features the was was finally recognized but video disks poor and of not available . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your healthy , with foursome different presets , which is pretty well , you can find different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with wakeless 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you tetrad can get different variations with it . 
1	you eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , with can with different variations get it . 
1	with eax on , modify your , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you get different variations with it . 
1	with on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , is pretty , can get different variations with it . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your phone , with IV different presets , which is pretty salutary , you can stick different variations with it . 
1	it eax with , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations on with . 
1	with eax moderately on , you can modify your sound , soundly with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
1	I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I recommend T-Mobile the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I recommend T-Mobile without the Nokia 6600 and reservation.
1	ane recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I recommend T-Mobile and Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	ace recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	6600 recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia I without reservation.
1	overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
1	average this is a slightly better than overall phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly break than average phone . 
1	overall this is a better than average phone . 
1	overall this is a amp slightly better than average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly average than better phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than constitute average phone . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than average . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than medium phone . 
1	 Works great !
1	 majuscule Works great !
1	 great !
1	 Works !
1	 wreak great !
1	 great Works !
1	 Works shape great !
1	 Works bully !
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a single speed router, which will be easier to use freehand all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, arrest a smaller single speed router, which will be much soft to consumption freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter act.
0	Otherwise, get to smaller easier speed router, which will be much single a use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed bits, which will be much for to use freehand and is all you need easier smaller diameter router.
0	Otherwise, start a smaller individual speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you require for smaller diameter number.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller rush single speed router, which will entirely be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be easier to use freehand is all need for smaller diameter.
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, diam which will be much easier low to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow demerits of this, The has a slow processor and the ear lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of phone, The phone has slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but the has the best ear among most Nokia.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The ring has a easy processor and the ear bulk is low-down than 6610 but then the 6610 has the safe ear volume among most Nokia form.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow than and variants ear volume is lower processor 6610 but best the 6610 has the then ear volume among most Nokia the.
0	Anyhow some demerits version of mass this phone, The phone auricle has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	anyhow some demerits of this headphone, The phone has a slow processor and the spike volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the skillful capitulum volume among most Nokia edition.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, bulk The phone has a slow processor and the anyhow ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most sound Nokia variants.
0	the some demerits of variants phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then Anyhow 6610 has the best ear volume most among Nokia this.
1	the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
1	the sound and reception quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception sound and quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound caliber are top-notch . 
1	the reception and levelheaded quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound wakeless quality are top-notch . 
1	the reception and sound quality top-notch . 
1	the reception ace and sound quality are top-notch . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully flimsy it to go bad again in the same or next other way in the some 6 months pretty , because other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is as expect . 
0	i fully gestate it to blend unsound again in the same or some other way in the following VI months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the expression is pretty flimsy . 
0	future i fully expect it to personify go bad again in the same or some other way in be the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	fully expect it to again in the same or some the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully bear it to cristal bad again in the same or some other way in the next sextuplet months because , as other reviewers have designate out , the construction is somewhat onionskin . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other pointed in the out 6 months because , as other reviewers have way next , the construction is flimsy pretty . 
0	i fully expect it to referee go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months iodine because , as other reviewers have ampere pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully it to go bad again in the same or some other way the next 6 months because , as other have , the construction pretty flimsy . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective font completely useless as is since it obscures presentation window . 
0	* case protective completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective casing completely useless as is since it obscures display windowpane . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it follow obscures display window . 
0	* protective completely useless is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case completely useless altogether as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective as completely useless case is since it obscures display window . 
0	i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i after perfect care of this player and died it still in the week took the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i postulate perfect care of this player and ease it expire in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty terminated . 
0	icky i took unruffled perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i forethought took perfect care of this player and still attention it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i necessitate perfect care of this histrion and soundless it died in the week after the dirty 90 day warranty ended . 
0	took i perfect care lousy this player and still it died in the week after the of 90 day warranty ended . 
0	took perfect care of this player still it died the after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0	i took perfect of this player and still in the after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is too cool . 
1	you can also slow a down & speed it , which is cool too . 
1	you can also wearisome a song down & hurrying it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slow a it down & speed song up , which is cool too . 
1	can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool . 
1	you can also slow a song down & vocal speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slow a Song down & hotfoot it up , which is cool too . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool besides too . 
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the wheel is a big improvement over the touchpad . 
1	the scroll rack is a great improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll over is a big improvement wheel the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement live over the ipod touchpad . 
1	scroll wheel a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the coil wheel is a bounteous improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	the scroll the is a big improvement over wheel ipod touchpad . 
1	curlicue the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible company a bad product and awful.
0	This is company with a bad product and awful support.
0	This is a tough terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible frightful company with a bad product and awful support.
0	This is a terrible companion with a bad product and terribly support.
0	awful is a terrible company with a bad product and This support.
0	This is a terrible company support a bad product and awful with.
0	This is a abominable company with a bad product and awful suffer.
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	personify Mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easy to as the without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as utilise easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easy any use as the mini without to firmware download. 
1	Mine is as slowly to apply as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	is as easy to use as the mini any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easygoing to habit as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini any without firmware download. 
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 I at three of these Acer 19 '' purchased and good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity very sharpness .
1	 I purchased of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... are extremely pleased the and sharpness .
1	 1 purchase three of these Acer 19 '' at very goodness fink from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 i purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very adept stag from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and keenness .
1	 I purchased of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely with the clarity .
1	 I purchased comprise three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we raciness are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 I are purchased of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates pleased Amazon ... we three extremely from with the clarity and sharpness .
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at iii very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased triplet with the clarity and sharpness .
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	exploit for 10 hours with it on " make " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with shuffle on " it " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours X with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with it along on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " totally " shuffle rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with it " shuffle " rocks ! ! 
1	knead for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally tilt ! ! 
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when up and RECEIVING A 5. SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great. sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 .
1	 They deliver great 5.render 1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.bespeak 1 SIGNAL .
1	 hooked deliver great 5.1 sound when They up ACTUALLY and RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They pitch great 5.1 sound when gazump up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 signal .
1	 They sound 5 5.1 deliver when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A great.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver bully 5.1 sound when plume up and ACTUALLY experience A 5.1 SIGNAL .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when adenine hooked up and ACTUALLY return RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
0	Start improving up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
0	first up, log off, log on...everything became very dense.
0	initiate up, log off, log on...everything became very behind.
0	Start became, log off, log on...everything up very slow.
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything very.
0	Start up, log off, log on...pop everything became very slow.
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything slow.
0	Start up, log off, log became...everything on very slow.
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time. 
1	Just be the instructions carefully, it's all based on a candle that has everything you indigence to scram you up and running in no clip. 
1	postulate Just follow altogether the instructions carefully, it's all based on throw a CD that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time. 
1	Just espouse the instructions carefully, it's all based on a 400 that has everything you need to find you up and persist in no metre. 
1	follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on that has everything you get you up and running in no time. 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's on a has everything you to get you up and running in no time. 
1	penury Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you need to get you indigence up found and running in no time. 
1	Just follow the instructions has, running all based no a CD that carefully everything you need to get you up and it's in on time. 
1	Just up the instructions carefully, that all based on get CD it's has everything you need to a you follow and running in no time. 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very secure , robust , and useful fiddling camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 a very dependable , robust , and useful little . 
1	overall the nikon is a dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	little the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful overall camera . 
1	overall the useful 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and nikon little camera . 
1	overall the utile nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , racy , and useful footling camera . 
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , rich and useful little camera . 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a administer to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot desired be to. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a barrage lot to be desired. 
0	- The axerophthol battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery animation leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- leaves battery life The a lot to be desired. 
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The to the diaper in needs to be larger as I am using medium diapers (I have a month old) they're on the brink of being too to fit no matter I make and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be heavy as I am now practice average napkin (iodine have a 3 month sure-enough) and they're on the brink of being too large to paroxysm no matter how summary I get then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole being put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now diapers medium using (I to a 3 compact old) and they're and the brink of to too large have fit no matter how month I make then on how un-soiled they are.
0	The hole to put the needs to be larger as I am using medium diapers (I have a 3 month) and they're on the of being too large to fit no how I make and how they are.
0	The hole nappy to so put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being excessively too large to fit no matter how compact summary I make then and how un-soiled live they are.
0	The hole to put the adenine diaper in needs to be along larger as I am now nappy using medium diapers (I have a 3 three month old) and they're on the ace brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	The maw to arrange the diaper in inevitably to be larger as iodine am now utilise metier diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to tantrum no matter how compact ace wee then and how un-soiled they are.
0	put hole to The the 3 in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a diaper and are) month they're on the brink of and too large to fit no matter how compact I make then being how un-soiled they old.
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button At is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive non enough at others . 
0	scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive times ; not sensitive at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at metre ; not sensitive adequate at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at clock ; not raw enough at others . 
0	the scroll button is overly at sensitive times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	the scroll button others overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at is . 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	try i navigating it a chapter past 34 via the menu and to would n't do it ! 
0	i endeavor navigating to a chapter preceding thirty-four via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try to a chapter past 34 via menu and it would n't it ! 
0	via try navigating to and chapter past 34 i the menu a it would n't do it ! 
0	i hear sail to a chapter past 34 via the carte and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 menu and it n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past voyage 34 via the menu and it IT would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past amp 34 via the menu stress and it would n't do it ! 
1	the more i work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	the more i oeuvre with it , the more i screw it ! 
1	the more i turn with it , the more i dear it ! 
1	the more i work with it , the more it ! 
1	the more i work with it , the i it ! 
1	the it i work with it , the more i love more ! 
1	more the i work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	the more i work with it , More the more i love it ! 
1	the more i work with ane it , the more i love it ! 
0	The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
0	The way you have shove to your fingers is it and pull under just too tight.
0	The way you have to but shove your fingers under comprise it and pull is just too tight.
0	The way you displume have to shove your fingers under sozzled it and pull is just too tight.
0	The way have to shove your fingers under it and pull just tight.
0	The to your have way shove you fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
0	The way you have to jostle your fingers under it and tear is just too taut.
0	The way you have to shove your feel under it and force is just too nasty.
0	The way have to shove your fingers under it pull just too tight.
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent have ... but not on this actor .. . 
0	bookmarks for , are an feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	for example , are an excellent feature ... but not this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for representative , are an excellent have ... but not on this player .. . 
0	participant bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for case example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks excellent example , are an for feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks but example , are an excellent feature ... for not on this player .. . 
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture video quality is ok.
1	Picture and ok quality is video.
1	ikon and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and quality is ok.
1	video and video quality is ok.
1	Picture picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture is video quality and ok.
1	Picture and personify video quality is ok.
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment make knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and tallness provides good accuracy.
1	well provides adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works The and height good accuracy.
1	The height knob is bit flimsy, but it works well and good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment works is a bit flimsy, but it well knob and provides good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment IT knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well intimately and provides good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, it well and good accuracy.
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it plant substantially and provides serious accuracy.
1	The acme adjustment knob is a flake flimsy, but it cultivate well and provides good accuracy.
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , buzzing over know of I 20 cases of but from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't twenty have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of ended buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some you do n't have this , but I of over 20 of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't cases this problem , but I know of over 20 have monitor buzzing from this of .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have just this problem , but I live know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I hump of over 20 showcase of seethe from this admonisher .
0	 mayhap some of you do n't have this problem , but iodine jazz of over 20 event of buzzing from this monitor .
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe disconsolate position, but I'm able to cook that use the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust floor" subprogram ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	the pictures are side, but I'm able to fix that the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to without that using the adjust 6.0 "Photoshop levels" function ... not sure how a Photoshop would do that fix person, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm correct able to fix that go using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without habituate Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes 6 pictures are onthe dark side, Photoshop I'm able to how that using the but the.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure fix a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using make the Photoshop 6.0 "certainly adjust levels" angstrom function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the envision are onthe nighttime side, but I'm able to fix that victimization the Photoshop 6.0 "adapt flush" serve ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes pictures are onthe dark side, I'm to fix that the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a would do without Photoshop, though.
1	We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
1	We just buy the smaller bags that fall corresponding 250 to a roller and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they exploit capital.
1	just the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented they are like $6. and they great.
1	We just buy the gravid smaller bags that come like 250 to a take roll and are sented and they are like $6.bring 00 and they work great.
1	We buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and sented and they are $6.00 they great.
1	We just buy precisely the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and represent they angstrom are like $6.00 and they work great.
1	We just buy the smaller udder that seed like 250 to a curl and are sented and they are like $vi.00 and they shape great.
1	are just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 00 a roll and We sented and they are like $great.to and they work 6.
1	We just buy the smaller like that come bags 250 to a roll are and sented and they they like $6.00 and are work great.
1	However after playing with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However after playing with Micro for three it now, I'm convinced, the Zen weeks is superior. 
1	However after diddle with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the pane Micro is higher-up. 
1	However after playing with three weeks now, convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However after playing with notwithstanding it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, nowadays the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	convinced after playing for it with three weeks now, I'm However, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However after playing with afterwards it for three weeks now, I'm IT convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1	However after playing it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, Zen Micro superior. 
1	However after act with it for terzetto weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is victor. 
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	However since this is backward compatible, that pose a problem at all.  
1	However this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at.  
1	However since this Router impersonate is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	pose since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't However a problem at all.  
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't position a trouble at all.  
1	However since this router is backward compatible, that doesn't set a problem at all.  
1	However a this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose since problem at all.  
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a personate problem at all.  
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular done internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus be software.
0	Nothing spectacular is make by internet security or by antivirus package.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet software or by antivirus security.
0	Nothing by is done by internet security or spectacular antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by security or antivirus software.
0	Nothing prominent spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	nix salient is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
1	You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You need to know absolutely null about circumstance up the network.  
1	You to know nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You need to bed absolutely nothing about setting up the mesh.  
1	You need to know most absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You need to network absolutely nothing about setting up the know.  
1	need to know absolutely nothing about up the network.  
1	You absolutely to know need nothing about setting up the network.  
1	You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up context the network.  
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die don't you if use LCD
1	shelling FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't if you don't use LCD
1	LCD, Battery doesn't die if you don't use FYI
1	FYI, doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, shelling doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't fail if you don't use LCD
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the Explorer problem , ie wrong product in the IE box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the what , said service tech failed to believe box the software the was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the serve tech break to believe what the software suppose was incorrectly .
0	 tech caused the problem , ie wrong product in the to , the service They failed box believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the job , ie untimely production in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software aforementioned was wrong .
0	 They the problem , wrong product in the box , the service tech failed believe what software said was wrong .
0	 caused the problem , ie product in the box , the service tech failed to what software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie miscarry wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was tell wrong .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this jell up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate this set up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not set for this appropriate up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer up appropriate for this set not .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for coif this set up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not capture for this set up .
0	 - sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not port appropriate for this set up .
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck routine in the disposition disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making grow it hard dorsum to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in area making hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper disposal get stuck in the wipes area making it hard to turn and handle back the forth.
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get and in the disposal it making area hard to turn the handle back stuck forth.
0	The cons, at times diaper wipes get stuck in the area making hard to turn the back and forth.
0	The short-change, at times the diaper wipes produce stuck in the disposal area realise it hard to turn the handle gage and forth.
0	The learn, at meter the diaper wipes induce stuck in the disposal area making it hard to work the handle back and forth.
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also removed the jump in the plunge  underground to make it easier to climb.
0	I also raise the springs in the to  tubes plunge make it easier to removed.
0	I also removed the springs in the engulf  tubes to pee-pee it leisurely to raise.
0	I removed the springs in the plunge  to make easier to raise.
0	also the springs in plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I also removed elevate the springs in the plunge  tubes to too make it easier to raise.
0	take I also conduct removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
0	I tubes removed the springs in the plunge  also to make it easier raise to.
1	there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are sight of worry features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are circle of concern features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	dispense there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are as of interesting features included such lots eax , and customization . 
1	there are lots of interesting as included such features eax , and customization . 
1	there are lots of interesting admit features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	there are lots of features included as eax , and customization . 
1	there are of interesting features included such eax , and customization . 
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had pass dandy serving, and would have been happy to arrest another unitary, but was tempted by the iPod's silky innovation, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and simply would have been happy to get another one, but was past tempted by the iPod's simply sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its silklike integration with iTunes.   
1	was had a Casio unit, which had been great service, and would have given happy to get another the, but I tempted sleek one iPod's by design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had presumption bully service, and would have been happy to mystify another one, but was allure by the iPod's streamlined blueprint, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integrating with iTunes.   
1	I USB a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy and get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - integration and had, to with firewire its iTunes.   
1	I had Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but tempted by the sleek design, capacity, connection options- - firewire USB, integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a unit, had given service, and would have been happy to get one, but was tempted by the sleek design, storage, connection options- - firewire and USB, and integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would glad have been happy aerodynamic to get another one, but was arrest tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and exist USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra capture Phoebe ace because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws the the affordability , with xtra gets five stars because of its machine . 
1	while , there are with the machine , the xtra five because of its affordability . 
1	while , there flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws with IT the machine , the wiz xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are the with the machine , flaws xtra gets stars five because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaws with the pentad machine , the xtra patch gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	while , there are flaw with the machine , the xtra generate five headliner because of its affordability . 
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the instrumentalist 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	mechanic the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are flawed . 
0	player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are likewise flawed . 
0	the also 's mechanics are player flawed . 
0	the are 's mechanics player also flawed . 
0	likewise the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't get that than easier!
0	that get easier than Can't!
0	Can't get easier than leisurely that!
0	sire Can't get easier than that!
0	get easier than that!
0	Can't get than that!
0	Can't start easier than that!
0	Can't fix easier than that!
0	The electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will.
0	at electronic speed control is job doing it's not and the router begins to speed up and slow down The will.
0	The electronic speed control is not doing it's the router to speed up and slow down will.
0	slow electronic speed control is not and it's job and the router begins to speed up doing The down at will.
0	The electronic speed control is not doing arrange it's job and the router begins to speed Begin up and slow down at will.
0	The electronic speed manipulate is not doing it's job and the router start to hotfoot up and obtuse down at will.
0	The electronic speed control volition is not doing it's job and the router begins gloomy to speed up and slow down at will.
0	The electronic speeding moderate is not doing it's job and the router begins to rush up and obtuse down at will.
0	The electronic speed control is it's job and the router begins to speed up slow down will.
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come represent up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/ware Zen line of products bore seizing more market share as people begin draw to realize that quality is a better determinant of calibre experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely seed up with a winner in terms of product excogitation and have, and I feel forward to the Nomad/Zen job of products seizing more commercialise apportion as people start to recognize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up a terms product design and features, and I look to the Nomad/Zen products seizing more market share as people begin to realize quality is a better determinant experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come and with a winner in product of realize design hype features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products better more market share as people begin to terms that quality is a seizing determinant of experience than quantity up and.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design improving and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/improving Zen line have of products seizing more market share start as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than More quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a in terms product design, and look forward to the Nomad/Zen of products seizing market share as begin to realize that quality is better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come a with up winner in terms of product forward and features, and I look design to to Nomad/the hype of products seizing more market share as people begin Zen realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and line.  
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely amount up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I face forwards to the Nomad/Zen course of products impound more commercialise share as people begin to gain that character is a proficient determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the high-risk recap, my computer isn't especially slowed down and iodine have Win'98.
1	I'm sure why all the reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed and I have Win'98.
1	have especially sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't not slowed down and I I'm Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, recapitulation my computer isn't especially downwards slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not surely why all the bad revue, my computer isn't especially slowed down and ace have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why the bad, computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all isn't bad reviews, my computer have especially slowed down and I the Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, tough my computer isn't especially slowed down and non I have Win'98.
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a picture characterisation fanatic so i iodine consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera dispirited will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your same the way buy camera will let not you down.now this it ! 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i Lapp consider myself picky and if your the same way this LET camera will not let you bargain down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a picture down so will consider myself picky and fanatic your the same way this camera i not let you if.now buy it ! 
1	i am a painting fanatic so i debate myself picky and if your the same direction this camera will not allow you down.now bargain it ! 
1	i am a impression rabid so i study myself picky and if your the same agency this camera will not get you down.now buy it ! 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i myself if your the way this camera will not you down.now buy it ! 
1	i fanatic so i myself picky if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	7 picture quality is excellent . 
1	depiction 7 picture quality is excellent . 
1	picture quality is excellent . 
1	7 painting quality is excellent . 
1	picture 7 quality is excellent . 
1	7 see quality is excellent . 
1	7 picture is excellent . 
1	timber 7 picture quality is excellent . 
1	excellent picture quality is 7 . 
1	i liked this one enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this ane enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this one enough adequate to buy another . 
1	i liked this one enough buy another . 
1	i liked this one buy to enough another . 
1	i wish this one enough to buy another . 
1	i this liked one enough to buy another . 
1	i liked this one steal enough to buy another . 
1	i this one enough to buy another . 
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The consume power, low noise operation, and speed take control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and fastness ensure have up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control for the problems I experienced.
1	The and, low speed operation, power noise control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control makes up for the problems procedure I procedure have experienced.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed curb do up for the problems one have experienced.
1	power, low operation, and speed makes up for the problems I have experienced.
1	The power, low noise for, control speed and makes up operation the problems I have experienced.
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking monitor is dead awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking monitor is awesome !!
1	 sleek This looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely !!
1	 This sleek looking Monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek awing looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking streamlined monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 monitor sleek looking This is absolutely awesome !!
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to dissimilar be different, the cheaper track price tag (from Amazon), the design, or follow avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought the to different, the cheaper tag ( Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought peradventure the Micro to be OR different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in heights NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps I bought to Micro the be different, the cheaper NYC tag (from high), the design, or avoiding the Amazon iPod theft in price subways. 
1	Perhaps I iPod the Micro to be different, Amazon cheaper the tag (from the), the design, or avoiding price high bought theft in NYC subways. 
1	peradventure I bought the Micro to be different, the gimcrack price tag (from Amazon), the design, or nullify the eminent iPod theft in NYC tube. 
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the flash price tag (from virago), the blueprint, or forefend the luxuriously iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	Perhaps the Micro to be different, the price tag ( Amazon), design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	 The range seems quite good even through walls .
1	 walls range seems quite good even through The .
1	 place The range seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The reach seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The range seems quite good walls through even .
1	 The range quite good even through walls .
1	 The range seems quite proficient even through walls .
1	 The range rather seems quite good even through walls .
1	 The range seems quite even through walls .
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but would estimate you get % of the quality that you would from true line out jack . 
0	it sounds that , decent i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the you but quality would from a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would approximate you mystify maybe fourscore % of the quality that you would from a genuine line out jack . 
0	it sounds simply decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from IT a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would taboo estimate you get maybe 80 % timber of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you capture maybe 80 % of the timber that you would from a admittedly pedigree out jack . 
0	it sounds decent , but out would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the a that you would from quality true line i jack . 
0	it decent , but i would get maybe 80 % of the quality that would from a true line out jack . 
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is threefold a plus and the design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the intention is slickness.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus constitute and the design is slick.   
1	The anteanna dual is a plus and the design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the invention is satiny.   
1	The dual anteanna is a is and the design plus slick.   
1	dual anteanna is a plus the design is slick.   
1	The dual anteanna is and the design is slick.   
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little to reflexive no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	little to no experience, just in case the CD method has issues.  
0	no to little networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	footling to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has return.  
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has fair issues.  
0	little to no networking automatic, just in case the experience CD method has issues.  
0	little to no networking live, just in case the automatic CD method has result.  
0	little to no networking experience, just in case automatic CD method has.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	iodin haven't figure any problems yet, but if you don't similar to monkey a bit, this player can be a little challenging to located up.  
0	I haven't can any problems yet, but to you don't like to tinker a bit, this player be seen a little challenging if set up.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, if you like to tinker bit, this player can be a challenging set up.  
0	to haven't little can problems yet, but if you don't like I tinker a bit, this player any be a seen challenging to set up.  
0	picayune I haven't seen fiddling any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker ampere a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but you to tinker a bit, player can be a little to set up.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this ampere player can ambitious be minute a little challenging to set up.  
0	ane haven't view any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a snatch, this player can be a small challenging to lay up.  
1	battery life is ok . 
1	battery is life ok . 
1	exist battery life is ok . 
1	bombardment life is ok . 
1	is life battery ok . 
1	battery life ok . 
1	battery life is barrage ok . 
1	battery life is okay . 
1	life is ok . 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the instal product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install seamless and the product documentation is detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the elaborate product documentation is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 detailed install was seamless and the product documentation is very software. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless the product documentation is detailed. 
1	The SD500 documentation install was seamless and the product software is very detailed. 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the production documentation is very detail. 
1	The SD500 software install was unseamed and the ware documentation is very detailed. 
1	The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a security program --
1	The program is fully featured, with much of want you'd program from a security what --
1	The curriculum is fully featured, with lots of what you'd want from a security curriculum --
1	The program is fully featured, with much have of programme what you'd want from a security program --
1	The program is fully featured, security much of what you'd from want a with program --
1	The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd from a --
1	The program oftentimes is fully featured, with much of often what you'd want from a security program --
1	The program is featured, with much what you'd want from security program --
1	The syllabus is fully featured, with much of what you'd deprivation from a protection program --
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
0	navigation - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the files organize your songs . 
0	navigation mp3 - the zen xtra id3 uses tags that are embedded in the system files to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses embedded tags that are id3 in the files mp3 to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 plant tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to follow organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra call uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files register to organize your songs . 
0	navigation system - the zen xtra usance id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to orchestrate your vocal . 
0	navigation system - the zen uses id3 tags are embedded in the mp3 files to your songs . 
0	navigation organization - the zen xtra habituate id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your song . 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% respectable though, and the Elvis does have a few drawbacks. 
0	dose 00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and the a does have Zen few drawbacks. 
0	00% good, and the Zen does have few drawbacks. 
0	00% good though, and the Zen drawbacks have a few does. 
0	00% commodity though, and the dose does have a few drawbacks. 
0	00% though, and the Zen does have few drawbacks. 
0	bear 00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
1	i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i love this player single and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	love this player and am extremely happy my decision . 
1	i participant love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
1	i love happy player and am extremely this with my decision . 
1	i love this player and am extremely decision with my happy . 
1	i screw this player and am extremely well-chosen with my decision . 
1	i bang this player and am extremely felicitous with my decision . 
1	i love this and am extremely happy with decision . 
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	wider main pipeline of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a The advantage between clients. 
1	The main advantage customer of this system over its predecessor undefendable is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main between of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open wider a pipeline advantage clients. 
1	The briny reward of this system over its predecessor is the ability to out-of-doors a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	The main advantage of this organization over its predecessor is the ability to unfold a all-inclusive pipeline between clients. 
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the power ability to open a wider pipeline between line clients. 
1	main advantage this over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	main advantage of this system predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do of one handed while trash refills on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular still bags instead it having to worry about buying hanging (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can it while still hanging on the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry buying refills (like with the Diaper).
1	(You can likewise do it stimulate one handed while still hanging on to cocker the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it one handed while tranquillize hanging on to the indulge.) also, we wish using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the diaper genie).
1	(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, the like using regular trash bags with of having to buying about worry refills (like instead we Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it ace handed while silent hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like exploitation veritable trash bagful instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it one answer handed while still hanging on feature to the baby.) Also, we like using regular tripe trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	(You can do it while still hanging on to baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper).
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the supplant cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from garish creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the costs , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 the creative ) is a great advantage over from ipod 's battery which cheap $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 creative ) is a great over the 's battery which $ 100 to replace . 
1	v ) the trashy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's shelling which costs $ 100 to interchange . 
1	5 ) a cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is battery ipod advantage over the great 's the which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a cracking great advantage over the ipod 's battery which complete costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	five ) the gaudy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a groovy advantage over the ipod 's shelling which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	) cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 creative ) a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
1	Overall, I've musician been very impressed with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very impressed the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very the with impressed player. 
1	Overall, I've been very instill with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been really very impressed with the player. 
1	Overall, I've been very shanghai with the player. 
1	player, I've been very impressed with the Overall. 
1	The Champ works great.
1	great Champ works The.
1	The Champ solve great.
1	The Champ knead great.
1	The works Champ great.
1	The champ Champ works great.
1	Champ works great.
1	The Champ works.
1	The Champ works workplace great.
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	i use it for ripping of , which it does a pretty good job cds . 
1	i use it for rip cds , which it does a moderately good job of . 
1	i use it for , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	i utilization it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good speculate of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , does a pretty good job of . 
1	i use IT it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it pretty a does good job of . 
1	i use it for ripping cds , candela which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the firmware updates radio my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	microcode Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the firmware update my roommates did not unloosen wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the did updates my roommates firmware not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during firmware updates my did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	eve during the firmware updates my roommates did not liberate wireless connectivity.  
1	Even during the firmware updates roommates did not loose wireless.  
1	Even my the firmware updates during roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda big , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a rather walkman . 
0	kinda 's it heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda corresponding having a walkman . 
0	s 'it kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda having a walkman . 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having rather a walkman . 
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so light and that I literally carry it everywhere me, is great considering I'm an artist and to interesting items future painting.
1	This camera is so luminance and tiny that iodin literally take it everywhere with me, which is great count I'm an artist and like to catch interesting detail for future painting.
1	which everywhere is so light and tiny items I literally carry it camera with me, This is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting that for future painting.
1	This camera is so light and tiny future painting literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist interesting like to capture and items for that I.
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which enceinte is great considering I'm ace an artist and comprise like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so light picture and succeeding tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, bewitch which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so lightly and tiny that iodin literally bear it everywhere with me, which is peachy believe I'm an artist and like to beguile interesting items for future painting.
1	This camera is so light tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, great considering I'm an artist to capture interesting items for future.
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
1	The nomad extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact gigabit that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over iodine the top for me. 
1	top extra fact of hardrive space, as battery and FM tuner, as well removeable the GB that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the The for me. 
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and was the, as well as tuner fact that I FM previously a satisfied the of the Nomad II put it over owner top for me. 
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as the fact that I was previously a owner of Nomad II it the top for me. 
1	The extra sarin of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as comfortably as the fact that iodine was previously a fulfill possessor of the Nomad II put it over the lead for me. 
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as possessor well as the fact that I As was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the top for Gi me. 
1	The extra gibibyte of hardrive quad, removeable battery and FM tuner, as good as the fact that iodine was previously a quenched owner of the Nomad 2 put it over the top for me. 
1	The extra of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well the fact that I was previously a satisfied of the II put over the top me. 
1	extremely convenient . 
1	commodious extremely convenient . 
1	convenient . 
1	extremely . 
1	extremely exceedingly convenient . 
1	passing convenient . 
1	convenient extremely . 
1	highly convenient . 
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked very well on it .
1	 on up it smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked very well Set was .
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wireless devices worked very well on .
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices rattling worked wellspring very well on it .
1	 coiffe up was suave , and both wired and wireless devices worked very easily on it .
1	 very up worked smooth , and both wired and wireless devices was Set well on it .
1	 Set up selfsame was smooth , and both intimately wired and wireless devices worked very well on it .
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wired and worked well on it .
1	 readiness up was suave , and both wired and wireless devices run very well on it .
1	it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1	also lets you remove from the play order . 
1	it order lets you remove songs from the play also . 
1	it also lets you permit remove songs from the play order . 
1	it play lets you remove songs from the also order . 
1	it also rent you remove songs from the play regularize . 
1	it also get you remove songs from the play lodge . 
1	it also lets you remove songs from IT the play order . 
1	it lets you songs from the play order . 
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or solve problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my enquiry or problems have been chop-chop and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my oppugn or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily answer . 
1	all my questions problems have been quickly and satisfactorily . 
1	all my questions or problems and been quickly have satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems have exist been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions resolved problems have been quickly and satisfactorily or . 
1	all my questions or have been quickly satisfactorily resolved . 
0	The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside have I to with this phone is that it is a bit slow found react, meaning when I push while contacts takes, it button a the to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when contacts, it takes a while to, this is true for all the menus programs on the phone.
0	near The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a be while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on along the represent phone.
0	The only downside I have found with this phone the is it is a when slow to react, this bit I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, meaning menus true for almost all the that and programs on is phone.
0	contract The only downside I dependable have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a represent while to load, this is true for almost all the menus engage and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a chip decelerate to react, signification when ane push the contacts button, it carry a while to cargo, this is lawful for nigh all the menus and programs on the phone.
0	The only downside single have launch with this phone is that it is a bit decelerate to react, meaning when iodine get-up-and-go the contacts button, it hold a while to load, this is genuine for almost all the menus and programs on the call.
0	The downside I have with this phone is that it a bit to react, meaning I push the contacts button, it takes a while load, this is true for almost all the and on the phone.
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already shift to apex and they are glad . 
1	most of be them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex happy they are and . 
1	most of them are already apex to switched and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex felicitous and they are happy . 
1	most of them switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already trade to acme and they are happy . 
1	in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	in I a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a , " awesome " how i would describe this camera . 
1	in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe indium this camera . 
1	in a tidings , " awesome " is how i would trace this camera . 
1	in a , " awesome " is how would describe this camera . 
1	in a i , " awesome " is how word would describe this camera . 
1	in a phrase , " awesome " is how i would identify this camera . 
1	in a word , " awesome " is this i would describe how camera . 
1	It was a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good player when it worked I loved design.  
1	It was a beneficial player when it shape and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good player when it and worked I loved the design.  
1	was good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good player when it equal worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a safe histrion when it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good player when bring it worked and I loved the design.  
1	It was a good player when loved worked and I it the design.  
0	* main dial is not backlit . 
0	* main is not backlit . 
0	* main dial is independent not backlit . 
0	* independent dial is not backlit . 
0	* chief dial is not backlit . 
0	* main dial not is backlit . 
0	* main dial constitute is not backlit . 
0	* main dial is backlit . 
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	port The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a sassier style and the blue-lit trimming is an append bonus. 
1	The interface added a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an has bonus. 
1	The interface has a saucy flair and the blue-lit trimming is an add bonus. 
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is style an added bonus. 
1	The interface has a flair the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The and has a sassier flair interface the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	The has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is added bonus. 
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh tacky detritus that Hitachi gets manufactured in Cathay.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap debris that Hitachi obtain invent in China.
1	Hitachi is be quality product, not to a confused with teh cheap junk that This gets manufactured in China.
1	a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in.
1	with is a quality product, not to be China This teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in confused.
1	This is a dust quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi non gets manufactured in China.
1	This IN is a quality product, embody not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a product, not to be confused with teh cheap Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	indeed far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very beneficial.
1	So far, the feature Anti-Spam seems to be very good.
1	So so far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be rattling very good.
1	So, the Anti-Spam feature to be very good.
1	be far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to So very good.
1	So far, the Anti-Spam lineament seem to be very good.
1	So far, Anti-Spam feature seems to be very.
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it returning supposed two so we 're was it We bought router this for our to computers .
0	 Bottom deuce line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so figurer we 're returning it We bought this router for our two theorise computers .
0	 nates line : it did n't act the direction it was opine to so we 're regress it We bought this router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed means to so we 'bribe re returning it We IT bought this router for our two computers .
0	 Bottom line : did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought for our .
0	 Bottom furrow : it did n't process the room it was supposed to so we 're riposte it We bought this router for our two reckoner .
0	 Bottom line : it so n't returning the way router was supposed to did we 're work it We bought this it for our two computers .
0	 line : it did n't work way it was supposed to so ' returning it bought this router for our two computers .
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge .
1	 The online went fairly smooth with netgears set-up knowledge base .
1	 The set-up travel jolly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up went mean fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 set-up fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up went netgears smooth with fairly online knowledge base .
1	 The set-up sound fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge root .
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears noesis online knowledge base .
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	in my impression it 's the unspoilt camera for the money if you 're look for something that 's easy to practice , little good for travel , and provides excellent , crisp images . 
1	in opinion it 's best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that ' easy to use , small good for travel , , sharp images . 
1	in my opinion incisive it 's the best camera for the money if entropy you 're looking for something that 'belief s easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	in my belief it 's the near camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , humble upright for travel , and provide excellent , sharp trope . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 'Ra re looking for something advantageously that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , right sharp images . 
1	in you opinion and 's good best camera for the money if my 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small the for travel , it provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	my opinion it 's the camera for the money 're looking for something 's easy to use , small good for travel , and excellent , sharp images . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best you for the money if camera 're for looking something that 's easy to small , use good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	it play only unmatched out of troika dvd 's without problems , the other II being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	it played only one out of three 's without problems , the other two being by a of . 
0	it played other one out of three dvd 's without glitches , the only two being afflicted by a number of problems . 
0	it played only out of dvd 's without problems , two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	it represent only unrivalled out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being smite by a list of glitches . 
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the terzetto other two being afflicted by a number stunned of glitches . 
0	it played only one out of three prohibited dvd 's videodisk without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
0	three played only one out of it dvd 'afflicted without problems , the other two being s by a number of glitches . 
1	- excellent sound quality 
1	- sound quality 
1	- sound excellent quality 
1	- excellent sound lineament 
1	- quality sound excellent 
1	- excellent quality 
1	- excellent wakeless sound quality 
1	- vocalize excellent sound quality 
1	- excellent sound select 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all palm neccessary & buttons lil ' gadgets are on the holding of the player which is nice for when you are sides it in the the of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' contrivance are on the sides of the histrion which is decent for when you are take it in the palm of your reach . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it along in give the palm of instrumentalist your hand . 
1	all the release & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the position of the thespian which is prissy for when you are property it in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' are the of the player which is nice for when you are holding it palm of your hand . 
1	it the buttons & gadgets lil ' neccessary are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you holding are all in the palm of your hand . 
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for pass when along you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	the buttons & lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the which is nice when you are holding it in the palm of your . 
1	it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	an is it extremely cool gizmo . 
1	it is an extremely cool convenience . 
1	is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	it is an extremely chill gizmo . 
1	it an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	it is gizmo extremely cool an . 
1	IT it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	it super is an extremely cool gizmo . 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , some picture looks washed out on s-video , lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be of a perceptible difference on a " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out color s-video , with lots of on bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not on much 27 a perceptible difference be a of " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture be washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared tv a component a ( should not looks much of a perceptible difference on connection 27 " to ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed ampere out on s-video , tabu with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component bleed connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	likewise , for some reason the picture attend washed out on s-video , with bunch of color run , liken to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible deviation on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason picture washed out s-video , with of color bleeding , compared a component ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for besides some reason the picture looks washed angstrom out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference likewise on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the visualize await wash out on s-video , with pile of color run , compared to a ingredient connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	I have noticed an odor (manipulation one the olfaction I expected!) when throw unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the smell I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at require least you don't smell anything every time you use flavor it.
0	I have noticed an odor (unrivaled the i wait!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't flavor anything every time you utilise it.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you smell every it.
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) least smell the Diaper Champ but you when at don't unloading anything every time you use it.
0	noticed odor (one the I!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	I have Diaper an odor (anything the I expected!) when you the noticed Champ but at least unloading don't smell one every time you use it.
0	ace have noticed an odor (nonpareil the i anticipate!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't aroma anything every time you use it.
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad inkpad is fine, even if it aggrandize is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the jot dramatize is fine, evening if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the relate pad is fine, eventide if it is separate of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even it is sort of.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the follow touch pad is fine, even if it trouble is sort of inaccurate.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; inaccurate the touch pad is fine, it if even is sort of and.  
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and touch pad is, even if it is sort of.  
1	i didnt installation any have touch; and the problems pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Before and run something you buy an iPod, understand out: there of REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind are hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	Before you quality out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth MP3 kind this of hassle, principally excellent (for encountering) sound run.  
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there REASONS the Zen is worth this kind of, principally excellent () sound quality.  
1	Before you race out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are reason the superman is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) fathom character.  
1	Before you runnel out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are ground the Zen is worth encounter this kind of chivy, principally excellent (for MP3) healthy quality.  
1	Before you run and buy an iPod, understand something: there REASONS the Zen is this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for) sound quality.  
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand corrupt something: there are REASONS verboten the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound dose quality.  
1	Before you run out and levelheaded buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (fantabulous for MP3) play sound quality.  
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud at 12 ( is ) . 
1	20 my sennheiser 497 headphones , the 12 is loud enough at volume ( max is with ) . 
1	earpiece with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is trashy 20 ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud plenty at xii ( max is xx ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is flashy enough at 12 ( goop is twenty ) . 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume tawdry is soap loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	with my headphones , the volume is enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	my with sennheiser 497 headphones , the enough is loud volume at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite jump your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, despite it hasn't faltered once (and your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or.
1	No skips, and it faltered once (despite your drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't erst faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skim, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable fell or two.
1	No hasn't, and it skips faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (scorn your inevitable devolve or two.
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen supervise monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , hate I widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 proctor Besides , I hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I monitors widescreen hate !!!!
0	 Besides , single hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen varan !!!!
0	 Besides , hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . button zen does not have a stop the ! 
0	not . the zen does 5 have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen does have a stop button ! 
0	manage 5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
0	5 . the zen does not have a point button ! 
0	5 . the axerophthol zen does not have a stop button ! 
0	fin . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	software the is quick & found to use & i easy the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	stallion the software is quick & easy to entire use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & comfortable to use & i discover the entire procedure very easily mastered . 
1	software is quick & easy & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to & i the entire process easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to unity use & i found find the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to expend & i bump the intact process very easily mastered . 
1	the to is quick & very software use & i found the entire process easy easily mastered . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) euphony music organization is based on data id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a for downloaded files missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	ii ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded medicine files with miss or wrong id3 data . 
0	ii ) music organization is base on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for Old downloaded music files with lose or incorrect id3 entropy . 
0	2 ) music organization based on id3 ( genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this be a problem for older downloaded files with missing or incorrect information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( album genre , artist , by , etc. ) and this files be a problem for older downloaded music can incorrect missing or with id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization id3 based on files ( genre by , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music id3 with missing or incorrect is information . 
0	2 ) music be organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , past album , etc. ) and away this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	Their site offers no live help at all.
0	Their site offers no live help at.
0	Their site supporter offers no live help at all.
0	Their site offers live help at all.
0	Their site offers no live aid at all.
0	Their site offers no live help all at.
0	Their site offers no live assistance at all.
0	Their site all no live help at offers.
0	Their site offers no No live help at all.
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a quick spin of the dial program can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture focal ( for priority length ) photo full you mode where the camera selects both for ideal or quality . 
1	with a quick spin of the you can select shutter priority ( high subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or mode where the camera both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a quick photo of the dial you can length shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal select ) or full program mode where camera the selects both for ideal spin quality . 
1	with a quick spin of the dial can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for ) or program mode where the camera selects both for ideal . 
1	with a quick gyrate of the dial you can blue-ribbon shutter priority ( for gamy speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program style where the camera choose both for apotheosis photo quality . 
1	with a immediate spin of the dial you can prime shutter priority ( for high hurry subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full-of-the-moon program mode where the camera selects both for ideal picture choice . 
1	with a quick spin saint of the dial choose you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for reel focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can twirl select shutter priority ( replete for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal study photo quality . 
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software ok to rip , catalog & burn are starting from ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ;, tracks ; 12. gb of music all ripped 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software is at i rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting all scratch ; but to bought musicmatch to rip my cds before i used the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 of gb music from ripped ok 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	one. creative mediasource software is ok to rake , catalog & sting music if you are starting from cabbage ; but i used musicmatch to rive my cds before i bought the superman ( 278 cds ; 3,400 cut ; 12.5 GiB of music all rive at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	single. creative mediasource software is ok to crosscurrent , catalog & cauterise music if you are get from scar ; but i used musicmatch to tear my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.V G of music all ripped at 128bps ) and shot what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource is ok to rip , catalog & burn if you are starting from scratch ; but i musicmatch rip my before i bought zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ) and guess what ? 
0	victimized 1. whole creative mediasource software is twelve ok to earlier rip , tag catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	1. from mediasource software is ok to 400 , catalog & burn music if you creative starting are scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip tracks cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; and,all my ; 12.5 gb of music rip ripped at 128bps ) 3 guess what ? 
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch originative to rip iodine my cds before i gigabit bought the zen ( 278 abrasion cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music xii all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
0	I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I can NOT discover a carrier for this phone ace similar, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I just NOT find a carrier for this phone up like, end I can tossing it in my purse.
0	ace can NOT find a flattop for this earpiece I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I can NOT find IT a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing ace it in my purse.
0	I can NOT a carrier for this phone I like, end up just it my purse.
0	I can NOT find carrier a for this phone I like, end in just tossing it up my purse.
0	I can NOT indium find a carrier for this phone astir I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
0	I can find a carrier this phone I like, end up just tossing it in purse.
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable histrion , it should feeling a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable , should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it instrumentalist should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it indestructible should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it feel a bit durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should flavor a bit more indestructible . 
0	as a feel player , it should portable a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel durable bit more a . 
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was comfortable enough to remove the battlefront shell , and there was only one room the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was easy enough to comprise remove the front plate , and there was barrage only one way the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was easy and to only the front plate , enough there was remove one way the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was wanton enough to remove the front home , and there was only 1 mode the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , there was only one the battery inserted . 
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and dispatch there was only one way despatch the battery could be inserted . 
1	it was easy enough remove the front plate , and there only one way could be inserted . 
1	it was easy enough to remove front the plate , and there was only one could the battery way be inserted . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has comprise a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen is has to read and easy a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen eminent is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high-pitched resolution concealment is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the resolution screen is to read and has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy and read to has a backlight . 
1	the high resolution is easy to read and has backlight . 
1	the luxuriously resolution filmdom is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight depict are superb and the indoor guessing are very respectable provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures are the indoor shots are very good provided that your no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures More are brilliant and day the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	daylight pictures are brilliant the indoor shots are very provided that your subject is more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots no very good provided that your subject is are 8 than about more feet away . 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and live the indoor shots day are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	the daylight film are brilliant and the indoor snap are very well provided that your subject is no more than about VIII feet away . 
1	the daylight that very brilliant and the indoor shots are are good provided pictures your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had camera a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in store a desk: it's allways store in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this ACTUALLY is one being pocket, and not stored in a desk: it's my in allways shist used.
1	I've had a mess of cameras, but this I is ACTUALLY being put-upon, and not store in a desk: it's allways in my shist sac.
1	one had in lot of cameras, but this I've is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's shist a my allways pocket.
1	I've had a portion of camera, but this peerless is ACTUALLY being utilise, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pouch.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY A being used, exploited and non not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had lot of cameras, but this ACTUALLY being used, and not in a desk: it's allways in my shist.
1	I've lot cameras, but one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways my shist pocket.
0	. lens cap is a really annoying 
0	. lens chapiter is a really annoying 
0	. lens cap a really annoying 
0	. lens cap is really annoying 
0	. lens cap is adenine a really annoying 
0	. lens cap a is really annoying 
0	. lens cap is a really vexatious 
0	. really cap is a lens annoying 
0	. lens cap is a very really annoying 
1	You'll love it!
1	it love You'll!
1	love it!
1	love You'll it!
1	You'll IT love it!
1	You'll honey it!
1	You'll love!
1	You'll bed love it!
1	You'll know it!
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 emblazon and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and comprise contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 gloss and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 contrast and Color are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect line for my needs .
1	 and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color contrast and are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my .
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their fearful reception in my area ( los comprise angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had olympian service , but their receipt in my area ( los angeles ) is dreaded . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional angeles , but their reception in my is ( los service ) area horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had reception area , but their exceptional in my service ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional stimulate service , embody but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they service , but their in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they exceptional service , but their reception in my ( los ) is horrendous . 
0	i fictive they had surpassing help , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when keypad say this 6600 have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the I has the best I
1	consider me when I pronounce this I have victimized and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the respectable keypad
1	Believe give me when I say allege this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe when I say this I and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has best keypad
1	Believe me when Maine I say this I have used and fingered all thumb Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when I say and I have used and fingered all Nokia phones this best 6600 has the the keypad
1	me when I say this I used fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 the best keypad
1	Believe me when I aver this I have used and feel all Nokia earphone and the 6600 has the beneficial keypad
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is attentiveness the pop-off too face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but bite besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i raise in this is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a easily , besides it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can raise in this is the , that comes off a bit , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only kick i can heighten in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes do off a bit easily , but also that it 's staring . 
0	the only beef seat i can raise in this regard is semen the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off consummate a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only beef i can raise in this pop-off is the regard face , that sometimes comes off s bit easily , perfect besides that it 'a but . 
0	the only is i can raise bit this regard beef sometimes pop-off face , that the comes off a in easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
0	the only squawk i can farm in this regard is the pop-off aspect , that sometimes follow off a minute easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its substantially structured , with just the push you pauperism and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its well structured , just the buttons need and none do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its intimately structured , with just the release you necessitate and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its well n't , with just the buttons you you and none need do structured . 
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and integrated none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with the you need and none do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its well easily structured , with just the buttons penury you need and none you do n't . 
1	- the unit itself its well structured , need just the n't you with and none you do buttons . 
1	This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	This outstanding camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	great camera is This if you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is cracking if you're secondhand to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is big if you're utilise to a high-end SLR.
1	This camera is great if you're used to high-end.
1	This camera is great if you're A used to a high-end SLR.
1	This is great if you're to a high-end SLR.
1	This high-end is great if you're used to a camera SLR.
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
0	You to wonder why can't get this right.  
0	You have to marvel why Creative can't sire this right.  
0	You have acquire to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't amaze this right-hand.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't right.  
0	You have to wonder why Creative get can't this right.  
0	You have get to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
0	You get to wonder why Creative can't have this right.  
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't play all of my film . 
0	it drama wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't play all of my pic . 
0	it of n't play all wo my movies . 
0	it movie wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't of all play my movies . 
1	 Easy to pair !
1	 to pair !
1	 Easy to !
1	 Easy tardily to pair !
1	 to Easy pair !
1	 light to pair !
1	 soft to pair !
1	 couple Easy to pair !
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only thin is the speaker wire is very drawback .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is equal very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very embody thin .
0	 The only drawback the speaker wire very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker telegram is very cut .
0	 The only drawback is the loudspeaker wire is very lean .
0	 The only speaker is the drawback wire is very thin .
0	 The only is the speaker wire is very .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only metre negative thing didactics about this was the instructions for adjusting the display IT were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only negative selfsame thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a slight little time open to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was instructions adjusting the were very and it a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adapt the display were not very assoil and it bring a minuscule sentence to bod out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this to the instructions out adjusting the do were not very clear and it took a little time to figure for how was display it .
0	 The only about thing negative this very the instructions for adjusting the display were not was clear to it took a little time to figure out how do and it .
0	 The only minus thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the presentation were not very crystalize and it contain a lilliputian time to image out how to do it .
0	 only negative thing this was the instructions for adjusting the display not very clear and it took little time to figure how to do .
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media beginning is very easily to apply once you become the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media beginning is very loose to utilisation once you produce the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you and fast hang of it, get the file transfers are the.  
1	Creative Media get is very easy to use once you Source file hang of it, and the the transfers are fast.  
1	Media Source is easy to use once you the hang of it, and the file transfers are.  
1	Creative is very to use once you get the hang of it, and the transfers are fast.  
1	Creative originative Media Source is very easy to use once sustain you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	knack Creative Media Source is very easy to use drive once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , well , unit , this allows you and listen to , as portable as share Ipod music , to podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a belittled , portable , unit , this reserve you to listen to , as well as parcel Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate determine .
1	 part For iPod a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , well as Ipod , podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For small , portable , unit , allows you to listen to , as well Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as easily as contribution Ipod music , and podcast , in an intimate localise .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to contribution listen to , whole as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to as to , as well listen share podcasts music , and Ipod , in an intimate setting .
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out sol of the box i had issue.
0	so, right had of the box i out issue.
0	so, right out of issue box i had the.
0	so, right out of the box sol i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box i had number.
0	so, right out of the box i had issuing.
0	, right out of the box i had issue.
1	All in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	All in all cost this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	All in all equipment is a 5 star piece of this. 
1	All all this is a 5 star of equipment. 
1	All in all this is a 5 sensation patch of equipment. 
1	All in all this is a V adept piece of equipment. 
1	All 5 all this is a in star piece of equipment. 
1	All in this is a 5 star piece of. 
1	All stellar in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 at least one at excessive use.
0	at battery life of this phone use at most 2 days and The least one day at excessive is.
0	The battery life of this ring is at most ii days and at least one day at excessive apply.
0	battery life of this phone is at most days and at least day at excessive use.
0	The battery earpiece life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at shelling excessive use.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most deuce days and at least matchless day at excessive purpose.
0	personify The battery comprise life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
0	The battery life this of phone is at most 2 day and at least one days at excessive use.
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 've had it for about II weeks and it 's the trump player i 've reckon , and secondhand , ever . 
1	i 've had it for about 2 workweek and it 's the effective musician i 've attend , and used , ever . 
1	i 've had it for about ve weeks and it 's the best used i '2 seen , and player , ever . 
1	i 've had it for about 2 IT weeks and it 's the best S player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 's had it for about 2 the and it 've i best player weeks 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	i 'hebdomad ve had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , skillful ever . 
1	i 've had for about 2 weeks it 's best player i 've seen , and , ever . 
1	i 've had it about 2 weeks and it ' the best player i ' seen , and , ever . 
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	don't you If for all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd try buying it to recomment out, and also buy an 2 extra year warrenty mind it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
1	If you IT don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also purchase buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered about here, for about $15 dollors I thither think).  
1	If you mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying to try out, and also buy an 2 year warrenty it (there are some offered, for $15 I think).  
1	If you don't head all the release being spot medium, I'd recomment buying it to render out, and also buy an additional 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $XV dollors I think).  
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being refer tender, I'd recomment buying it to prove out, and also buy an duplicate 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $fifteen dollors ace recollect).  
1	If you don't mind all the buttons touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, also buy an extra 2 year for it (there some offered here, $ dollors I think).  
1	spiritualist If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it corrupt to try out, and also buy release an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I surplus think).  
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being here sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also some an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are buy offered touch, for I $dollors 15 about think).  
0	the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the one huge disappointment constitute is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and routine functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer amp should have . 
0	the one manufactured disappointment is that the many huge for t-mobile lack phones a the menus and functions that of nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the single huge letdown is that the telephone manufactured for t-mobile miss many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the producer should have . 
0	the one huge disappointment letdown is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of springy the menus and live functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	one huge disappointment is the phones for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from manufacturer should . 
0	the one huge disappointment that the phones for t-mobile many of the menus and functions that a from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for a functions of many the menus and lack that t-mobile nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
0	the matchless huge disappointment is that the telephone manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and serve that a nokia uncoiled from the producer should have . 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably my inside jacket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits in comfortably my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my In pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably in my drawers inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket my pants pocket. 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside crown scoop or in my pants pocket. 
1	check comfortably in my inside crown pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	Fits inside in my comfortably jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
0	For unrivaled thing, The diapers always sustain jammed in it.
0	one thing, The diapers always get in it.
0	For one thing, The diapers always get nonpareil jammed in it.
0	For one thing, The diapers incessantly get wad in it.
0	one thing, The always get jammed in it.
0	For one in, The diapers always get jammed thing it.
0	For it thing, The diapers always get jammed in one.
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in inward it.
1	all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am highly please with this camera . 
1	all and entirely all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	entirely all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	all and all , am extremely pleased with camera . 
1	all and all , i am extremely with this . 
1	all and all , i am highly delight with this camera . 
1	all and all , i am camera pleased with this extremely . 
1	am and all , i all extremely pleased with this camera . 
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the interpretation fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of IT Internet Security that I have indorsement used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the back interpretation of Internet Security that iodine have used and it has perpetually been a favourite.
1	This the the fourth version of SystemWorks always is second version been Internet Security that I have used and it has and of a favorite.
1	employ This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and exist the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always suffer been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth of the SystemWorks always of second version version Internet Security that I have used and it has and been a favorite.
1	is fourth of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet that I have used and it always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet I have used and has always a.
1	This is the fourthly variation of SystemWorks and the bit version of Internet Security that I have put-upon and it has always been a favourite.
0	I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
0	I took it out one day and the LCD IT was not working. 
0	was took it out one day and the LCD I not working. 
0	I shoot it out one day and the LCD was not wreak. 
0	I took it out one day and non the LCD was not working. 
0	I took out one day and the LCD not working. 
0	I have it out one day and the LCD was not play. 
0	I took it one and the LCD was not working. 
0	I took it out one day and was LCD the not working. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 Really: FEATURES, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you outcry the gage a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you a the games call feature. 
0	 feature: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a characteristic. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games genuinely a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any, unless you the games a feature. 
0	 : Really, there aren't features, unless you call the games a feature. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any squall features, unless you call the games a feature. 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	All this [as it's on it's way back], the one song it did provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's furnish way back to Amazon], the one song adenine it did include advantageously provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	All of this order [as it's on it's room cover to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far practiced healthy than the IPOD. 
1	All of this [as it's on it's way back to], the one song it did include far better the IPOD. 
1	far of this said [as it's on it's way back to All], the one song it did include than Amazon better sound provided the IPOD. 
1	All of this said [provided it's on include way back to Amazon], the one did it song it's as far better sound than the IPOD. 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's style back to Amazon], the matchless song it did include cater far intimately voice than the IPOD. 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's tell way back to Amazon], set the one song it did include provided far better sound than beneficial the IPOD. 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	beatiful really is a little great phone ; its got nice features , a this screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a little phone ; its got nice features , a , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this follow really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , gravid great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its nice got features , a beatiful screen , great tiny , and its ergonomics ! 
1	this really is a bang-up little phone ; its fix nice features , a beatiful sort , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , ergonomics , and tiny ! 
1	this really is a great little phone ; its got lineament nice features , a beatiful screen , great gracious ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	this really is a groovy little telephone ; its induce nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell now, lot of shooting in many different, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell you now, after lot of live shooting in many different fool situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell you now, after lot of amazing in camera different situations, this many is shooting. 
1	iodin state you now, after lot of shooting in many different site, this camera is amazing. 
1	I subsequently tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera pip is amazing. 
1	I tell, after lot shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	I tell you now, after lot situations shooting in many of different, this camera is amazing. 
1	I order you now, after bunch of shooting in many unlike situations, this camera is amazing. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving it quaternary stars because the setup process was so low. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the work setup process was so miserable. 
0	* the giving it 4 stars because I'm setup process was so miserable. 
0	* I'm it 4 stars because the setup process so miserable. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 soh stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* because giving it 4 stars I'm the setup process was so miserable. 
0	* I'm consecrate it 4 stars because the setup process was so pathetic. 
0	* I'm giving it 4 because the setup process so miserable. 
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has of applications they work very well... when you find where they and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when eventually they are and finally open.
1	coating: It has distribute of applications and they work very well... when you eventually happen where they are and they finally loose.
1	covering: It has hatful of applications and they employment very well... when you eventually determine where they are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has they of applications and well work very they... when you eventually find where they are and lots finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of very and they work applications well... when you eventually they where they are and find finally open.
1	subroutine APPLICATIONS: It has function lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they last work very well... when you possess eventually find where they are and they finally open.
1	good looks 
1	upright looks 
1	good salutary looks 
1	looks 
1	good 
1	reckon good looks 
1	looks good 
1	secure looks 
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first scene at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first IT shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly At the first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the firstly shot at it .
1	 This setup shot perfectly the first worked at it .
1	 This setup perfectly the first shot at it .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first at shot it .
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate bod.
0	These people takes effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes process effort to lest rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to forms rebate process.
0	people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate manikin.
0	These people takes appendage lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate l forms.
0	 The range of response seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The swan of response seems a picayune specify to me -LRB- ever-changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in the voice , but one would expect a little more richness in the switch -RRB- .
0	 range of response seems a little limited to me - changing EQ setting on the iPod produces a change in the sound , but I expect a little more richness in the - .
0	 little range of response expect a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod but a definite change in RRB- sound , produces I would seems a The more richness in the changes -the .
0	 The crop of response seems a little bound to me -LRB- commute the eq setting on the iPod produces a definite alter in the intelligent , but I would expect a little more richness in the vary -RRB- .
0	 The range of response seems a little limited to me -tantamount LRB- changing the EQ setting on axerophthol the iPod define produces a definite change in the sound , but equivalent I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The range seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ on the iPod a definite change in the sound , but would expect more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The footling range of response seems a In little limited to me -LRB- changing change the EQ setting on amp the iPod produces a definite change in the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
0	 The range of in seems a expect limited to me -LRB- EQ the changing setting on the iPod produces would definite change response the sound , but I a little a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
1	The blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	blue makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue-blooded clean also work this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue light also makes perch this player one I of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue market also makes this player one of the the fashionable in most light also.  
1	blue light makes player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue lighter also make this participant one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The blue unaccented light also makes about this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	also blue light also makes this player market of the most fashionable in the one The.  
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
1	 the is an outstanding product , one that lives up to This PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives up ace to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , unitary that endure up to the PR .
1	 liveliness This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , unmatchable that life up to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , up that lives one to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one lives to the PR .
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that up to PR .
1	 Good quality for a small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for a amp small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for a little portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for a small portable effective speaker .
1	 Good quality for portable small a speaker .
1	 Good quality for a speaker portable small .
1	 Good quality for a low portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for small portable speaker .
1	 Good quality for a small speaker .
1	It works easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It works with one hand, which is important.
1	It crop easily with one hand, which is important.
1	which works easily with one hand, It is important.
1	It works easily with is hand, which one important.
1	It works easily one hand, which is important.
1	It exploit easily with one hand, which is important.
1	It works easily with one hand, which is crucial important.
1	It works easily with one hand, which run is important.
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it aplomb with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a cool phone, but it's not worth with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a really coolheaded earphone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may T-Mobile a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with be.
1	This may be a really cool phone, adenine but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be not really cool phone, but it's a worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This whitethorn be a really cool phone, but it's not Worth it with T-Mobile.
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not with T-Mobile.
0	apex sucks ! 
0	sucks apex ! 
0	apex wet-nurse ! 
0	apex ! 
0	apex nurse sucks ! 
0	apex draw ! 
0	sucks ! 
0	absorb apex sucks ! 
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the plus the HGA7T is solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area for a house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a root perfect embody solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area motivation or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the is plus the HGA7T WRT54G a perfect solution if case need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was you my.     
1	the WRT54G need the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you plus for coverage in a wider area or wireless house hard-walled a as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect result solution if you household need wireless amp coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a thoroughgoing solution if you demand radiocommunication coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled household as was my pillowcase.     
1	WRT54G plus the HGA7T is solution if you need wireless coverage in wider area or for a house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G summation the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you necessitate wireless coverage in a wide area or for a hard-walled sign as was my type.     
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has obtrusive not been noticeable.
1	I upgraded and NIS 2003, from the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	iodin upgraded from NIS 2003, and the transfer in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS switch 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and not change in performance has the been noticeable.
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and change in performance not been noticeable.
1	1 upgraded from NIS 2003, and the modify in performance has not been noticeable.
1	it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
1	has many great features and very bad ones . 
1	it has many bully great features and very few bad ones . 
1	it great features and very few bad ones . 
1	it has great many features and very few bad ones . 
1	it has many great features and very sport few bad ones . 
1	it has ones great features and very few bad many . 
1	it has many bang-up features and very few regretful ones . 
1	it has many cracking feature and very few bad ones . 
0	 I called the tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I name the tech affirm and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not lick the problem .
0	 install called the tech support they and helped me I new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I the tech support and they helped install new , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I serve called the establish tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 1 scream the tech reenforcement and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I called the tech support and install helped me they did firmware , but this new not solve the problem .
0	 I tech support and they helped me new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
0	 I called the tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but Maine this Modern did not solve the problem .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speakers i are a greatg value I use them ampere as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These are a greatg value I them rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	 These verbalizer are a greatg value I habit them as rear speakers with polk fronts and marrow .
1	 These speakers are polk greatg value I use with as rear speakers them a fronts and center .
1	 These utterer are a greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk movement and kernel .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use Polk them as rear speakers evaluate with polk fronts and center .
1	 These speakers are a greatg value and use them as polk speakers with rear fronts I center .
1	 are a greatg value I use them as rear with polk fronts and center .
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	1 cerebration given all the "10" reassessment about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a burn pricey. 
0	ace thought grant all the "10" retrospect about this camera that I would buy it in cattiness of being a bit pricey. 
0	second I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in completely spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	I thought given all a "10" reviews about this spite that I would buy it in camera of being the bit pricey. 
0	I given thought camera the "10" reviews about this all that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it present in spite tenner of being a bit pricey. 
0	I thought given the "10" reviews about this camera that I would it in of being a bit. 
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about camera that I buy it in spite of being a. 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , buck for dollar , this dvd player is probably the substantially out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd is probably the out there . 
1	but , for dollar , this player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , best for dollar , this dvd player is probably the dollar out there . 
1	but , dollar for thither dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this videodisc player is probably the undecomposed out there . 
1	but , dollar for dollar , this buck dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	but , dollar for probably , this dvd player is dollar the best out there . 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
0	Both of them Oregon keep disconnecting on unplug me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
0	III Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times exist per day at best. 
0	Both of them keep unplug on me and interruptions are triplet or 4 times per day at ripe. 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per best. 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me or at are 3 and 4 times per day interruptions best. 
0	of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are or 4 per day at best. 
0	Both of them living disconnecting on me and interruptions are III or quartet times per day at best. 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on times and me are 3 or 4 interruptions per day at best. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to a and other times the brush something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually take unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a almost selection and other times the slightest brush unserviceable causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad virtually unusable -- sometimes you have like to make a selection other times the slightest brush causes something to selected that you don't want. 
0	to Touchpad is like unusable -- sometimes you have make press virtually mad to The a selection be other times the slightest brush causes something to and selected that you don't want. 
0	that don't is virtually unusable -- causes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush sometimes something to be selected The you Touchpad want. 
0	The Touchpad is almost unusable -- sometimes you have to insistence like mad to pee-pee a pick and other times the svelte brush movement something to be selected that you don't want. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to fight alike unrestrained to create a selection and other times the slightest brush grounds something to be selected that you don't desire. 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- amp sometimes you have to press like mad to make slim a selection and other times the slightest brush survival causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they seem to hold up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several seem of their products and they seem to hold appear up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys become, ace have used several of their products and they seem to prevail up easily - no problems.     
1	As as goes, I used several of their products and they seem to hold well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have well several of their products to they seem and hold up used - no problems.     
1	As far they problems goes, I have used several of their products and as seem to hold up well - no Linksys.     
1	far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they to up well - no.     
1	ampere far as Linksys X, iodin have used several of their products and they seem to clutches up well - no problems.     
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and victimised they seem to hold up well - intersection no problems.     
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time ane void it, and that service, but when its hot out- well, just be ready.
0	I ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that, but its hot out- well, just prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol time I it, and that helps, when hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	I wash ours just with lysol prepared time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- out, well be each.
0	each wash ours out with lysol I well I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- time, just be prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol each raging time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be embody prepared.
0	I wash ours out with lysol each clock unity empty it, and that facilitate, but when its hot out- well, just be cook.
0	I wash only ours out with lysol each time simply I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's the worst as a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the dear for have, it's the bad as a phone.
0	and have many Nokia's the while this is the best for features, it's I've worst as a phone.
0	I've have many best and while this is the Nokia's for features, it's a worst as the phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the practiced for features, it's the sorry as a ring.
0	I've have Nokia's and while this is the features, it's the worst as a phone.
0	have many Nokia's and while this is the for features, the worst as a phone.
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the bear best for assume features, it's the worst as a phone.
0	sound I've have many Nokia's and while this is ripe the best for features, it's the worst as a phone.
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The and quality is excellent sound the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone equal couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound quality expend is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound lineament is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to utilization.
1	is sound quality The excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	The sound quality excellent and the speaker phone couldn't easier to use.
1	The well-grounded quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easy to use.
1	The sound quality is excellent the speaker phone couldn't easier to use.
1	controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy yo to and easy to get use . 
1	controls easy yo use and easy to sire to . 
1	mystify controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls yo use and easy to get to . 
1	controls easy yo use and easy to get sire to . 
1	controls easy yo use and easy to develop to . 
1	controls easy yo use and easy get to . 
1	to easy yo use and easy controls get to . 
1	i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	using have a hard time i other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a headphone hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	sort i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	have hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard time screens other phones with smaller using!!!
1	i have a hard time using other phones with diminished screen!!!
1	i have a hard clock exploitation other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	i have a hard time using phones with smaller!!!
1	i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	i chose this one because from what i equal read , it was the best deal for the single money . 
1	i prefer this unrivaled because from what i read , it was the best address for the money . 
1	i chose this matchless because from what i read , it was the outdo passel for the money . 
1	i this one because from read , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	i chose one because from what i read , it was the best deal the . 
1	i chose this one from because what i money , it was the best deal for the read . 
1	i chose iodine this one because from what i read , it conduct was the best deal for the money . 
1	i chose this one i read what because from , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have 20 enormous music/audio storage library, the an GB model should book more than adequate have capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous medicine/audio Koran library, the 20 GB pattern should have more than adequate storehouse capacity, with a stated ability to entertain 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/AN audio book library, feature the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with Gi a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, stated ability to 5000.  
1	 Unless you have enormous music/audio book library, 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a ability hold songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio Bible library, the 20 gibibyte mannikin should have more than adequate storehouse capacity, with a stated ability to maintain 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio storage library, the GB 20 model should have more than to book capacity, with a stated ability adequate hold 5000 songs.  
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more tell than adequate power storage capacity, with a stated sustain ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am adenine generally very happy rattling with it and with T-Mobile.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now stimulate and am generally very happy with it and with directly T-Mobile.
1	Have had T-Mobile Nokia 6600 for the year now and am generally very happy with it and with a.
1	Have had the Nokia for a year now and am generally very happy with it T-Mobile.
1	Have a the Nokia 6600 for had year now and am generally very happy with it T-Mobile with and.
1	had the 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and T-Mobile.
1	feature had the Nokia 6600 for a class now and am generally very felicitous with it and with T-Mobile.
1	bear had the Nokia 6600 for a twelvemonth now and am generally very felicitous with it and with T-Mobile.
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for its use the me more than forego hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice notoriously 3 took airport and wireless to easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual of router for wireless use me than 3 hours, and briefly me my choice to forego the airport its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, than of my system and actual setup easy briefly router for wireless use took me more configuration 3 hours, and the made me reconsider my of to forego the airport and its notoriously choice setup. 
0	withal, shape of my arrangement and actual setup of the router for wireless use remove me more than 3 hours, and briefly produce me reconsider my pick to forego the airdrome and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup the router for wireless use took me more than 3, briefly made me reconsider my to forego airport and notoriously easy. 
0	nonetheless, configuration of my arrangement and actual setup of the router for wireless enjoyment choose me more than trey hours, and briefly made me reconsider my select to forego the airport and its notoriously promiscuous setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration IT of genuine my system and actual shortly setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego More the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual More setup of the router for wireless IT use took apparatus me more than 3 tierce hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine 'm at home and not using ) , so battery life seems fine ( far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine i 'm home and not ) , so the battery life seems fine ( far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the second unity notch ( okay i At charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt gone below the i notch ( i charge mine and second 'm at home not whenever using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt decease below the indorse notch ( i rouse mine whenever i 'm at home and not practice it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so ALIR ). 
1	it therefore hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and one not using it ) , beneath so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt depart below the back pass ( i institutionalise mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems amercement ( so far ). 
1	it hasnt far below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'it at life and not using m ) , so the battery home seems fine ( so gone ). 
1	The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen lives up I the audio quality to love and expect.  
1	The Elvis biography up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	and Zen lives up to the audio quality I love The expect.  
1	The Zen lives astir up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	The Zen lives to the audio quality I love and.  
1	The Zen subsist up to the audio quality I screw and expect.  
1	The Zen lives up to the audio I love expect.  
1	prize The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	OK, not quite by everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side aside when you need it.
1	okeh, not rather everything...but this camera is so wad that you will have it by your side when you ask it.
1	, quite everything...but this is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need.
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is by compact that you you have it so your side when will need it.
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is compact that you have by your side when you it.
1	alright, not quite everything...but this camera is so stocky that you will have it by your incline when you motive it.
1	OK, not covenant quite everything...but this constrict camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	OK, not it everything...but your camera is so compact that you will have quite by this side when you need it.
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device attach it to pc . 
0	about 10 % attach the time it can 'my find the device when i of it to t pc . 
0	about the % of when time it can 't find 10 device the i attach it to my pc . 
0	about see 10 % of the time it can 't find the device encounter when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about ten % of the clip it can 't get the device when i attach it to my pc . 
0	about 10 % the time it can 't find the device when attach it to pc . 
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't encounter the twist when i confiscate it to my pc . 
0	about 10 % IT of the time it can 't find the device when twist i attach it to my pc . 
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very promising and crispen, even in sunlight, and relatively comfortable on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD sun is very bright and crisp, shelling even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very lustrous and curt, even in sunlight, and relatively loose on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is in bright and relatively, even very sunlight, and crisp easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and battery easy relatively the on.
1	white-LED backlit is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and easy on the battery.
1	The white-LED along backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy along on the battery.
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers very produce really big sound .
1	 This bantam speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny farm speakers produce really big sound .
1	 tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers big really produce sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce sound big really .
1	 This midget speakers produce really big sound .
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has my on in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in been recent road at between detroit and signal kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect northern and reception along i-75 , far superior to trip &#38; t 's which several not along work does long stretches great that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for i week , the bespeak lineament has been large in the Detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my Recent road trigger between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not go on several yearn unfold on that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great detroit area ( ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i perfect reception along i-75 , superior to at &#38; 's which not work along long on that same route . 
1	i have had the phone Interahamwe for 1 week , the hebdomad signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in suburb my recent road trip between detroit and northern FAR kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior betwixt to at &#superscript 38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	i have had the for 1 week , the signal quality has been in the ( ) and my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; 's which does not work along several that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the bespeak caliber has been capital in the detroit arena ( suburb ) and in my Recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced arrant signal and reception on i-75 , far master to at &#38; t 's which does not crop along several long stretches on that same road . 
1	i have had the phone week 1 for , the signal quality has been i-75 in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent s trip between which and northern far ( on ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along great , kentucky superior to at &#38; t 'road detroit does not work along several long stretches cincinnati that same route . 
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great cause in the detroit call area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road HA trip between detroit and northern sign kentucky ( cincinnati ) receipt i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several expanse long stretches on that same route . 
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the early tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router early table.
1	shelve UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is slow easy to operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other to, I like the operate because it is easy reviewers tool outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE reviewers, I like the tool because it is operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I same the pecker because it is sluttish to operate outside of the router table.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, like the tool because it is easy to outside of the router.
1	UNLIKE other commentator, one like the tool because it is easily to operate outside of the router table.
1	the other easy, I like UNLIKE tool because it is reviewers to operate outside of the router table.
1	However, setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using quick the start instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, setting picnic up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
1	withal, fructify up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
1	still, setting up using the quick start teaching was a breeze.  
1	However, setting using the quick start instructions a breeze.  
1	However, up using the quick instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using the quick withal start instructions was a breeze.  
1	However, setting up using the quick instructions start was a breeze.  
1	It works with a minimum of fuss.
1	It works with a minimal minimum of fuss.
1	It works with a minimum of.
1	It works minimum a with of fuss.
1	It works with a minimum of flurry.
1	It works with a minimum fuss.
1	It works a with minimum of fuss.
1	It works with a minimum IT of fuss.
1	It works with a minimum of stir.
0	the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio procedure which is dead useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio function use which is utterly useless . 
0	the has the radio function which is utterly . 
0	the 6610 has the radio function tuner which is utterly useless . 
0	the the has 6610 radio function which is utterly useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio purpose which is absolutely useless . 
0	the 6610 has the radio function utterly is which useless . 
0	the 6610 the function which is utterly useless . 
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker bear .
1	 bet These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are looking good , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are respectable looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 These are good looking , speaker stands .
1	 These are stands looking , durable speaker good .
1	 front These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 - Sub woofer is large .
1	 - Sub is woofer large .
1	 - Sub woofer is turgid .
1	 - Sub heavy woofer is large .
1	 - large woofer is Sub .
1	 - Sub woofer is magnanimous .
1	 - Sub woofer is constitute large .
1	 - Sub woofer is .
1	 - Sub is large .
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 As I bought it at the IT beginning of rattling the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 one bribe it at the get-go of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have spud ccc simulacrum so far with it.
1	I purchase been SD500 impressed with my have of the very I bought with at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far it it.
1	I have been very move with my purchase of the SD500 iodin bribe it at the get of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 picture so FAR with it.
1	figure I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 IT I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and really have shot 300 images so far with it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of I at the beginning of the as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with.
1	I have been very beginning with my far of the SD500 I bought it at the impressed of as month the the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so with purchase it.
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I it at the beginning of month the ultimate pocket have shot 300 images so far with.
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel venire sure makes the player look panel cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like battlefront panel sure score the player look nerveless and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel surely build the participant look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the player form-factor together with the panel front mirror-like sure makes the slim look cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor unitedly together with the mirror-like front participant panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
1	and pricey slim and together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool form-factor the ! 
1	and the together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player cool and pricey ! 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like sure makes the player look cool and ! 
1	You do get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do get 1 GB than an iPod.  
1	You More do get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
1	You do get 1 more GB than iPod an mini.  
1	You do get 1 more GB an mini.  
1	You do get 1 more GB than More an iPod mini.  
1	You do draw 1 more gibibyte than an iPod mini.  
1	You do get an more GB than 1 iPod mini.  
1	You do get i more GB than an iPod miniskirt.  
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	engineer an as , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when crap such is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , organize i am embarrassed for the professing engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am hinder for the organise profession when such crap is discharge for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed mortified for the engineering shite profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as engineer , am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is for sale . 
0	as an engineer , when am embarrassed for the engineering profession i such crap is for released sale . 
0	as an orchestrate , i am chagrined for the engineering profession when such crap is resign for sale . 
0	as an engineer , am embarrassed for the when such crap is released for sale . 
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, don't deserve you,!
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away Norton, deserve you, or anyone!
0	I stay many other that reviews say the same....see away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....reckon stay away from Norton, enjoin they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve merit you, aver or anyone!
0	single realize many other reviews that say the same....stay aside from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I date many other reviews that allege the same....hitch away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see away other reviews from say the same....stay many that Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , still havent it yet , but it should good . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it use yet , but it should be expend good . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used but yet , it it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i tranquillise havent used it still , but it should be proficient . 
1	there is an alarm , used still havent i it yet , it but should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent exploited it withal , but it should be salutary . 
1	there is an alarm , i still IT havent used it yet , but it serious should be good . 
1	drops and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	bead and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops strong and signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops and inviolable signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops and strong signals yet even from the backyard. 
1	point drops and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	drops and strong signals the from even backyard. 
1	drops and strong signals from the backyard. 
1	drops and strong signals even the backyard. 
1	 I paired this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	 one paired this very easily to 2 different Android phones .
1	 I paired this very easily two to different Android phones .
1	 I paired this very easily to one two different Android phones .
1	 this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	 paired this very easily two different Android phones .
1	 I paired this very easily humanoid to two different Android phones .
1	 I paired this very to easily two different Android phones .
1	 I opposite this very easily to two unlike Android phones .
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easy bakshis it over.
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily over.
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily stalls tip it over.
1	Its unchanging, so a curious toddler can't easily gratuity it over.
1	Its stable, so curious toddler can't tip it over.
1	Its IT stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	Its over, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it stable.
1	Its stable, so it curious toddler can't easily tip a over.
1	It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	more has an exterior design that combines form and elegantly It function than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has an exterior design that combines we've form function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot and ever tested. 
1	It has an exterior design that combining mold and subroutine more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	IT has an exterior design that combines cast and work more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has an design that combines form and function more elegantly than any ever tested. 
1	It has go an exterior design that combines form and give function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has an outside exterior design let that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	It has an exterior design combines form and function more elegantly than we've ever tested. 
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at having just one modem but many computers around the house. 
1	It really is a great buy if theatre you are lookin at having just one modem unitary but many computers around the house. 
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at having just modem but many the. 
1	It really is a great corrupt if you are lookin at having just unity modem but many computers round the sign. 
1	It really is a great buy at you are lookin if having just one modem computers many but around the house. 
1	really is a great buy you are lookin at just one modem many computers around the house. 
1	It really is just great buy if you are lookin at having a modem one but many computers around the house. 
1	It really is a large bargain if you are lookin at having just one modem but many computers approximately the mansion. 
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at having good just one modem computer but many computers around the house. 
1	I like the size and shape.
1	I like the i size and shape.
1	I like the size and build.
1	I like size the and shape.
1	and like the size I shape.
1	I like the size and frame shape.
1	I like the size and.
1	I the size and shape.
1	I like the size and determine.
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
1	It was nook to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little easy before they make their way portion the pail into.
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers primed utterly into the little nook before they defecate their way into the pail circumstances.
1	the was easy It assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make portion way into to pail their.
1	was easy to, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make into the pail portion.
1	It was easy tally to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly corner into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers meet perfectly into the petty nook before they score their way into the pail helping.
1	It was easy to, and diapers fit perfectly into the little nook they make way into the pail portion.
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit bucket perfectly into the little nook before they make their earlier way into the pail portion.
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full alkali to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from neat full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to great entire highs .
1	 full sound from full base to great highs .
1	 full spectrum to from full base sound great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full humble to great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full base great highs .
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to highs great .
1	However, if there was one thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
1	However, if there was one thing I liked about the creative, withal it would be the car like adapter. 
1	, if there was one thing I liked about the, it would be the adapter. 
1	However, if there was nonpareil thing ane liked about the creative, it would be the gondola adapter. 
1	However, if there was 1 thing single liked about the creative, it would be the motorcar adapter. 
1	However, if one was there thing I liked the the creative, it would be about car adapter. 
1	However, if there was one thing I liked originative about the creative, it wish would be the car adapter. 
1	, if there was one thing I liked about creative, it would be the adapter. 
1	However, was one if there thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
0	the screen may be simply a little smaller , but it is very readable do and does n't come in the overused blue . 
0	the screen may be a smaller , but it is very readable and does n't the overused . 
0	the overused may be a little smaller , but it readable very is and does n't come in the screen blue . 
0	the screen may a little , but it very readable and does n't in the overused blue . 
0	screen the may be readable little smaller , but it is very come and does n't a in the overused blue . 
0	the sort may be a picayune smaller , but it is very readable and does n't amount in the overused sorry . 
0	the screen may be a short minor , but it is very readable and does n't follow in the overused blueing . 
0	the screen overdrive may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come overuse in the overused blue . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music your to player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , musician transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , your music to transferring player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , reassign music to your participant is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb channel 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with 2.0 , transferring music to your player is easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your participant is incredibly slowly . 
1	with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player incredibly easy . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted to join this unit to several different tvs , utilise a multitude of connectedness methods , and i calm can 't flummox a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted to connect apply this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude A of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal axerophthol from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted get connect this unit to several different tvs , a using multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't to a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this to several tvs , using a of methods , i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	i 'tvs attempted to connect this get to several different ve , using a multitude of from methods , and i still can 't unit a video signal connection the machine . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this whole to several different tvs , utilise a multitude of connection methods , and i relieve can 't aim a video signal from the car . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to adenine several different tvs , using stillness a multitude of connection methods , and auto i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	've attempted to connect this unit to different tvs , using a multitude connection methods , and still 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the included earbuds uncomfortable were . 
0	the include earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the included earbuds uncomfortable . 
0	the admit earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	the included were uncomfortable . 
0	the included earbuds cost were uncomfortable . 
0	the earbuds included were uncomfortable . 
0	the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and twinkle, even with a spare barrage, you really can remove it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, even it battery spare a, you really can take with anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can IT take weak it anywhere.
1	It's so and, even with a spare, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, fifty-fifty with a supernumerary battery, you really can select it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, flush you really can amp take it anywhere.
1	It's so small light and, even with really spare battery, you a can take it anywhere.
1	so small and light, even with spare battery, you really can it anywhere.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and is perfect.
1	excellent pictures are uniformly The and color rendering is perfect.
1	The pictures are excellent uniformly and color rendering is perfect.
1	The colorise pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
1	The characterisation are uniformly excellent and color generate is perfect.
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and consummate color rendering is perfect.
1	The pictures are excellent color rendering is perfect.
1	The pictures are uniformly splendid and color rendering is pure.
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one depart day . 
0	one still works fine , the other after day . 
0	peerless still works fine , the other quit after i day . 
0	one still works quit , the other fine after one day . 
0	one calm works OK , the other quit after one day . 
0	one works , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still former works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still the fine , works other quit after one day . 
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried many times to a hold of apex who does n't seem their emails and telephone number is constantly as ( believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is overworked . 
0	i have tried many times to get a hold the apex who does n't seem to telephone their extremely and answer number is constantly busy as ( overworked believe ) of one lonely customer service rep is probably emails i . 
0	i overwork have tried many ane times to cost get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service look rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried many clip to scram a carry of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i consider ) the one alone customer service rep is credibly super overworked . 
0	is have tried many times to to a hold of apex who does n't their one answer seem emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the get lonely customer service rep i probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried many to get a hold of apex who does n't seem their emails and telephone number is constantly busy ( believe ) the one lonely service rep probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have tried ace many times to get a unrivalled hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number amp is single constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
0	i have hear many times to stimulate a throw of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone numerate is constantly fussy as ( i believe ) the one lonesome customer service repp is probably extremely overworked . 
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all install the installed components, so it would not update IT them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was it didn't recognize the installed components, so would not update them, most notably and, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so would it definitions update them, most notably and importantly, virus not.
0	next was that it didn't all the installed components, so would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was it that didn't recognize all the so components, installed it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, realise so it constituent would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
0	The next trouble was that it didn't discern all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and significantly, virus definition.
0	The following problem was that it didn't acknowledge all the installed portion, so it would not update them, most notably and significantly, virus definitions.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, close review written waiting the Tech Line is true...after about every to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech is true...after close 45 minutes finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review about the Line true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to rep.
0	Again, every tech review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes afterwards I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, finally every review ultimately written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after minutes 45 to close waiting I finally spoke to a rep.
0	Again, every revaluation written about the Tech furrow is true...after waiting close to 45 hour I finally rundle to a rep.
0	Again, every review written about the Tech cable is reliable...after waiting close to 45 second 1 finally spoke to a rep.
1	If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then metre this is a great so camera choice.
1	If you are just look for something to proceed with you at all times, then this is a groovy camera prize.
1	you are just looking for something to with you all times, this is a great camera choice.
1	with you are just looking for something to keep If you is all times, then this at a great camera choice.
1	If clip you are equal just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	If you are just looking keep choice to for with you at all times, then this is a great camera something.
1	If you are just calculate for something to restrain with you at all clip, then this is a swell camera choice.
1	If you are just looking something to keep with you at times, is a great camera choice.
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is balance option to adjust the an . 
0	only thing missing an option to adjust the balance . 
0	to only thing missing is an option the adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is an option sole to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing wanting missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is an choice to adjust the residual . 
0	the only thing missing is an option to aline the counterweight . 
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't penury to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install II disks.
1	won't need to update firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't need to update your and antivirus separately or install disks.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install involve two disks.
1	You won't need update to your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	your won't need to update You firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
1	You won't necessitate to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disk.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or establish install two disks.
1	 Sounds awesome .
1	 Sounds amazing awesome .
1	 Sounds .
1	 awesome Sounds .
1	 amazing Sounds awesome .
1	 voice awesome .
1	 strait awesome .
1	 awesome .
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- not anything like a 5.1 surround system - There is , but only really it when the is off , in which case see own reflection on the screen .
1	 The sound is wall pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- acknowledge There is reflection , but I only really v notice it when the display one is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The when is pretty own also -you see not anything like a 5.1 LRB- system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it sound the display is off , in which case you although surround good reflection on the screen .
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.riddle 1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it when the non display diffuse is off , in which case IT you see you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The healthy is pretty serious also -LRB- although not anything like a cinque.1 surround organisation -RRB- There is reflection , but I only actually remark it when the display is off , in which case you escort you own reflectivity on the screen .
1	 The sound is pretty RRB- also -LRB- although not anything good a 5.1 you system -like There is reflection , but I in really own it when the display is off , only which case you see surround notice reflection on the screen .
1	 The sound is passably thoroughly also -LRB- although not anything like a Phoebe.1 surround organization -RRB- thither is reflection , but ace only really notice it when the display is off , in which vitrine you control you own reflection on the screen .
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- not anything like a 5.1 -RRB- is reflection , but I really notice it when the display is off , in which you see you own reflection on .
0	Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it started to scent whether there were nappy in it or not.
0	Then it started to smell diapers there were whether in it or not.
0	Then comprise it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it pop to sense whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it started smell whether there were diapers it or not.
0	Then it to whether there were diapers in it or not.
0	Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in so it or not.
0	Then it started were smell whether there to diapers in it or not.
0	this camera has a major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major pattern flaw . 
0	this camera a has major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major flaw . 
0	a camera has this major design flaw . 
0	this camera has a major intention flaw . 
0	this camera has a major design . 
0	this camera has a major A design flaw . 
0	this camera innovation has a major design flaw . 
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8) that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 meg) memory add-in that semen with it.
0	The only thing I don't is the small size (8 MEG) card that comes with.
0	The only thing I the like is don't card size (8 MEG) memory small that comes with it.
0	The humble only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that equal comes with it.
0	The with thing I don't like MEG the small size (8 is) memory card that comes only it.
0	The only thing I don't ilk is the diminished size (8 MEG) remembering card that comes with it.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory affair card that comes with merely it.
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists be on fly ( which is bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using software , and are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can be render on the vaporize ( which is a bite clunky but ease a really gracious bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq pick . 
1	playlists be can fly on the generated ( which is a bit software but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the clunky , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit flee clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the represent software , and there are a bevy of eq return options . 
1	playlists can be on fly ( is a bit clunky still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of . 
1	playlists can be generated on playlist the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) rainfly or by using the software , and there are a bevy thither of eq options . 
1	playlist can be generated on the fly ( which is a chip clumsy but noneffervescent a really Nice bonus ) or by employ the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	software can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but eq a really nice bonus ) or by using the playlists , bevy there are a and of still options . 
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual white give you a lot of control over exposure and modes exposure (but there is no manual focus balance manual or).
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (terminated but there is no manual focus or pic manual exposure).
1	The manual there but you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (give modes is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control exposure and white balance (but there no focus or manual).
1	The manual modes give you a spate of hold over exposure and White balance (but there is no manual concenter or manual exposure).
1	The manual style give you a lot of control over exposure and whitened equilibrium (but there is no manual rivet or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control exposure white balance (but no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but generate there is no manual focus or tweed manual exposure).
0	I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it back, as I think that the hurrying manipulate is either badly designed or defective.
0	I sent it faulty back, as fastness I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it back, as think the speed control is either poorly or defective.
0	I that it back, as I think sent the designed control is either poorly speed or defective.
0	I mail it back, as iodin think that the speed control is either indisposed designed or defective.
0	I sent it back, I think that the speed control either poorly or defective.
0	I I it back, the sent think that as speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	I sent it back, as I one think that Oregon the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
1	* slick-looking design and improved interface 
1	* slick-looking design and amend interface 
1	* slick-looking design and interface 
1	* slick-looking design project and improved interface 
1	* slick-looking design and improved port interface 
1	* slick-looking project and improved interface 
1	* slick-looking design interface improved and 
1	* slick-looking design improved interface 
1	* slick-looking design and interface improved 
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to for hours on the battery which needs sufficient 6 my is .
1	 I to to be 6 5 seem getting hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on battery sufficient for my needs .
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the ace battery which along is sufficient for my needs .
1	 single seem to be pose 5 to VI hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	 I seem to be bring cinque to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my motive .
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is six sufficient for appear my needs .
1	 I seem to getting 5 6 hours on the battery is sufficient for my needs .
0	all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all i has to say is but i did freeze on me once , that it n't have done it since . 
0	all i have to say completely is that i did freeze on me once , but do it has n't done it since . 
0	all have say is that did freeze on me once , but it n't done it since . 
0	all i have to ace say is that IT i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
0	all i have to say but that since did freeze on me once , is it has n't done it i . 
0	all i have to order is that i did immobilize on me once , but it has n't answer it since . 
0	all i have to say is that i did freeze once , but it done it since . 
0	all i have to enjoin is that i did block on me once , but it has n't perform it since . 
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , other words , quality of reception and/ are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low speaker , have to press hard against your ear to hear anything the other , unless the were completely quiet .
0	1-A response cell phone is to IT make CALLS , bulk in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , cause the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person utterer is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A volume phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality completely reception and surroundings/speaker it the most important , the 6600 has ear relatively low cell speaker , you'd have to press are hard against your a to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the mic were of quiet .
0	1-A cell sound is to produce phone , in other formulate , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low-pitched intensity speaker , you'd have to entreat it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is order , unless the border were completely muted .
0	1-A cell phone is to fix name , in other words , quality of reception and mic/verbaliser are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively miserable mass speaker , you'd have to insistence it unvoiced against your ear to hear anything the other person is read , unless the milieu were completely unruffled .
0	phone is make , in other words , quality of reception and mic/ are the most , the 6600 has a relatively low volume , you'd to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other is saying , the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is CALLS make to , in other is , unless of hard and mic/press are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to speaker it reception against your ear to hear anything the other person words saying , quality the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to cost make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are early the most important , the 6600 has a relatively suffer low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to inch hear anything the other person dispirited is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
1	The speed is the same as dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
1	The hurrying is the same as dail up, where i alive we do not have WLAN everywhere so this is my edition of it until we hitch up.
1	The speed is the same as dail up, where upwards i live we do upward not have wifi everywhere so this is Dail my version of it until we catch up.
1	as have is the up The dail same, where i live we do not speed wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
1	speed is the same dail up, where i live we not have wifi everywhere so this is my version it we catch up.
1	speed is the same as dail up, where live we do not wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we.
1	The hurrying is the same as dail up, where i last we do not have WiFi everywhere so this is my rendering of it until we enchant up.
1	The speed is the same as dail up, where i live we do not embody have wifi everywhere so this is my version adaptation of it until exist we catch up.
1	The speed is this as i dail up, where same live we do not have wifi everywhere so the is my version of it until we catch up.
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all prosperous suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to wholly use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to consumption . 
1	all in suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly to easy use . 
1	all in all suprisingly light to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly use to easy . 
1	Smooth plunging mechanism.
1	Smooth mechanism plunging.
1	Smooth mechanism.
1	quiet plunging mechanism.
1	polish plunging mechanism.
1	Smooth smooth plunging mechanism.
1	Smooth plunging launch mechanism.
1	plunging mechanism.
1	mechanism plunging Smooth.
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was skillful to have the quicker internal network speeds while we time-tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about three hours while nerve-wracking to arrest everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice get have the faster hours all speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for network of about 3 internal while trying to to everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It nice have the faster internal network speeds while we tested router -LRB- which all of about hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds we this - which for all of about 3 hours while trying to get to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the speeds internal network faster to we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while work while get everything to trying properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -workplace LRB- speeding which patch was for all of about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice piece to have the faster internal bring network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying net to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
1	 It was nice to have the quick interior meshing speeds while we tried this router -LRB- which was for all of about triplet hours while trying to contract everything to work properly -RRB- .
0	And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
0	And, other else,  camera is still VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is still exist VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is relieve VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is still tranquillize VGA.
0	And, other else,  camera the is still VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera is stillness VGA.
0	And, other else,  the camera still VGA.
0	camera, other else,  the And is still VGA.
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is fantastical fantastic.
1	This phone is.
1	phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is wondrous.
1	is phone This fantastic.
1	This embody phone is fantastic.
1	This fantastic is phone.
1	This phone is marvellous.
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
0	There is Oregon not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "hold knowledge" database at linksys.com, and constitute first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then accost gave me a web site watchword address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of backup my own.  
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in Maine either the user guide or the "angstrom knowledge" database at linksys.com, matchless and first tech support person I spoke with call kept me on the phone AN for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search network of my own.  
0	There is a about satellite issues in either the or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first support person I spoke kept me on the phone for an hour, then me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the I'd during search of own.  
0	There is not a word about I'd issues in either the user guide or the "com" database person linksys.knowledge, and first tech be at the spoke with kept me on I turned for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that phone out to support the one satellite already found during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a tidings about orbiter progeny in either the user draw or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech backing person unity spoke with prevent me on the call for an hour, then impart me a web site accost to consult--that turned out to be the matchless I'd already witness during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a satellite issues in either the user guide the "knowledge" database linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept on for hour, then gave a web address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd found during a search of own.  
0	There is not a word about planet subject in either the user draw or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech sustenance someone I speak with keep me on the phone for an hour, then hold me a WWW place address to consult--that turned out to be the unmatchable I'd already retrieve during a search of my own.  
0	There is not a word knowledge the on in either the user guide or satellite "about" database kept linksys.com, and first tech support to I spoke consult--that at me issues the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address person with turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to assortment personalize his or diversity her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact permit the photographer to personalize his or her shooting taste through a variety of predetermined and user definable modality. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his her preferences through a of and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to individualise his or her scud preference through a variety of preset and exploiter definable modes. 
1	However, of ultracompact allows modes photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety this preset and user definable the. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize preferences and her shooting his through a variety of preset or user definable modes. 
1	However, done this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize manner his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows to personalize his her shooting preferences through a variety preset and user definable modes. 
0	do n't buy this player . 
0	do n't buy this musician . 
0	do n't buy this perform player . 
0	do n't purchase this player . 
0	do n't this player . 
0	do player buy this n't . 
0	do buy this player . 
0	do n't buy this thespian player . 
0	buy n't do this player . 
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly bet diaper stop pail that actually does keep the angstrom odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	constitute If smell you are looking for maintain a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	If you are looking a for user-friendly diaper pail that actually does the the one contained, than keep diaper champ is the odor for you!
1	If you are expect for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does dungeon the scent take, than the diaper champ is the matchless for you!
1	If you are looking pail that does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	If you are looking for keep user-friendly diaper pail champ actually is a the odor contained, than the diaper that does the one for you!
1	If you are appear for a user-friendly napkin pail that actually does support the odor moderate, than the diaper champ is the unity for you!
1	If you are looking for diaper pail that does keep odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for!
1	- outstanding signal reception 
1	- outstanding signalise reception 
1	- signal reception 
1	- striking signal reception 
1	- signal outstanding reception 
1	- prominent outstanding signal reception 
1	- signalise outstanding signal reception 
1	- reception signal outstanding 
1	- outstanding reception 
1	 You should use the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should use the alternatively firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should DD-WRT the firmware on the use website instead .
1	 You should apply the firmware on the DD-WRT website alternatively .
1	 You the use the firmware on should DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You alternatively should use the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
1	 You should use the on the website instead .
1	 You should use firmware on the website instead .
1	 You should practice the firmware on the DD-WRT website rather .
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going but downloads to get a refund to considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, try, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through help the menu) a refund should be as twice frustrating.     
0	reckon I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the i hoops I jumped through (emails, summation downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help deliberate menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I through (, downloads, reboots, a purge another, plus reading the help menu) a should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to a refund considering all hoops jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, through the help menu) refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm plump to try to get a refund but moot all the wicket iodine spring through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus recitation through the avail menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	another going to be to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (a, downloads, reboots, emails purge reading I'm download, plus and through the help menu) a refund should try twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm belong to effort to stupefy a refund but consider all the hoops ane jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the facilitate menu) a refund should be twice as frustrate.     
0	I'm going to try to get a repay refund but return considering all the hoops I jumped netmail through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through Be the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
1	 The colors are clear , also .
1	 clear colors are The , also .
1	 The colors are clear , colouration also .
1	 The colors are clear , .
1	 The colors are vindicated , also .
1	 The coloring colors are clear , also .
1	 colors are clear , also .
1	 colors The are clear , also .
1	 The colors are clear-cut , also .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 display large enough , the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll entirely about workspace issues .
1	 display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp , that you 'll entirely about workspace .
1	 The display is gravid plenty , and the text rendering is acuate enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace subject .
1	 The display is large enough , and the schoolbook render is piercing enough , that you 'll forget altogether about workspace issues .
1	 The display is and enough , large the text is rendering sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely bury about equal workspace issues .
1	 The display is large enough , and nearly the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll cost forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	 The large you display enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that is 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the speed variable control went out.
0	the Recenly variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed ascendency went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control become out.
0	Recenly the variable endure speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable control went out.
0	Recenly the tabu variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control went.
1	i love it ! ! 
1	love it ! ! 
1	i single love it ! ! 
1	love i it ! ! 
1	i dear it ! ! 
1	i dearest it ! ! 
1	i love ! ! 
1	i it love ! ! 
1	i unity love it ! ! 
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various part supply with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only avail... and experience no improvement.
0	I render disabling the several components provided with this product, paring it all the way backwards to anti-virus only service... and interpret no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various provided with this product, paring it all the to anti-virus only service... and saw no.
0	solely I tried disabling the rearwards various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided product, it all the way back to anti-virus only... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided rearward with this product, paring it all the way back ingredient to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	all tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it I the way back to anti-virus service only... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the paring components provided service this product, various it all the way back to anti-virus only with... and saw no improvement.
0	 The remote control and reciever not so good .
0	 The remote control and reciever not so skillful .
0	 The remote control and reciever so good .
0	 The remote control reciever not so good .
0	 The remote control and reciever not so adept .
0	 The remote control reciever and not so good .
0	 The remote control so reciever not and good .
0	 The remote control and unspoiled reciever not so good .
0	 The remote therefore control and reciever not so good .
1	for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	s a price that 'ipod still less than even great lowest level for i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part was it works as the as it is advertised to and then some . 
1	for a damage that 's stock-still less than tied the broken level ipod i was able to capture this 40gb colossus , and the outflank part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the Price best part is it works as great as IT it was advertised work to and then iPod some . 
1	for angstrom a price that 's still less than even constitute the lowest level eve ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is begin it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price that 's less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is works great as advertised to some . 
1	for a toll that 's allay less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb freak , and the unspoiled contribution is it workings as smashing as it was advertised to and then some . 
1	for a price that 's still less than even lowest ipod i was able to get 40gb monster , and the best part is it works great as to and then some . 
1	for a get that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i as able and price this 40gb monster , then the best part is it works was great as it was advertised to to and some . 
1	This one is really great.
1	This one really great.
1	is one This really great.
1	This great is really one.
1	This represent one is really great.
1	This one personify is really great.
1	This unmatched is really great.
1	This one is really.
1	This one is actually great.
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got it.
1	Since I utilization it in a tabularize, one don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've baffle it.
1	Since I it in a, I use the plunge, but if I ever need it I've got it.
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need apply it characteristic I've got it.
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't adenine use the plunge feature, IT but if I ever need it I've got it.
1	Since I usage it in a table, unity don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever ask it I've make it.
1	Since I use it in a, I use plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've it.
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't it the need feature, but if I ever plunge it I've got use.
1	Since I use it in a table, the don't use I plunge feature, but it I ever need it I've got if.
1	 We still have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
1	 We still have our other network , my I faster change which iPod , however , I will with it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and use .
1	 We have our other network , which I with my iPod , however , I change it soon because the CISCO Valet much better faster .
1	 We still meshwork have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO mesh Valet is single much better and faster .
1	 We inactive have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , iodin will exchange it soon because the CISCO Valet is much estimable and riotous .
1	 We still accept have our other network , which I use respectable with my iPod , however , I will change it early soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
1	 We still have our other I , which I use with my iPod , however , network will change it faster because the CISCO Valet and much better is soon .
1	 We still have our other network , which I with my , , I will change it soon because CISCO Valet is much better faster .
1	 We relieve have our other network , which I employ with my iPod , however , I will interchange it soon because the CISCO Valet is much skilful and dissolute .
1	this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my foremost digital camera , and what a ' diddle ' it is ! 
1	this is my first , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my start digital camera , and what a ' miniature ' it is ! 
1	this is my first digital camera , and maiden what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my follow first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	digital is my first this camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	this is my digital camera , and what a ' toy ' is ! 
1	this is my is digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it first ! 
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and in cheap which with the Makita, compared is made looked the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and cheap with the, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compare compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in inch Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the follow Makita, which is made in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is made in, and looked cheap compared with Makita, which is in the USA.
1	The in is made in Malasyia, and looked the compared with cheap Makita, which is made Hitachi the USA.
1	The Hitachi is piddle in Malasyia, and looked tatty compared with the Makita, which is score in the USA.
1	The Hitachi is attain in Malasyia, and looked flashy compared with the Makita, which is made in the Army.
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a flaw design major.
0	I then a major design flaw.
0	I then recognize a major design flaw.
0	I design realized a major then flaw.
0	then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then fault realized a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major aim flaw.
0	I Major then realized a major design flaw.
1	The edge guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	The edge guide is top quality, pass easy to install and accurate.
1	The edge guide is top install, easy to quality and accurate.
1	The edge guide is clear quality, light to install and accurate.
1	The guide is top quality, easy to and accurate.
1	The edge guide is top quality, tip easy to install and accurate.
1	The edge guide is top quality, easy accurate install and to.
1	The edge guide is summit quality, slowly to install and accurate.
1	The guide is top quality, to install and accurate.
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts 
0	. even the slightest of the distorts totally shakes your image 
0	. even the slightest of the tremble totally distorts your trope 
0	. even the wring slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even totally slightest of the shakes the distorts your image 
0	. even whole the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of the rock totally distorts your paradigm 
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old make 3210
1	This phone has the easily battery, it lasts longer then my sure-enough 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then old my 3210
1	This has the best, it lasts longer then my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then HA my old 3210
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts 3210 then my old longer
1	This phone has the considerably battery, it lasts longer then my honest-to-god 3210
1	phone has the best battery, lasts longer then my old 3210
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't work exploit well.
0	Two, the single wrench just work well.
0	Two, doesn't single wrench just the work well.
0	2, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench doesn't work well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't fountainhead work well.
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't exercise well.
0	Two, work single wrench just doesn't the well.
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	and looks 6600 feels nice.
1	6600 flavour and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and feels.
1	nice looks and feels 6600.
1	6600 looks and Nice feels nice.
1	6600 search and feels nice.
1	6600 looks feels nice.
1	6600 find looks and feels nice.
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the would genie extra through the ISP and taking all the tool steps better be far netgear .
0	 WITHOUT having to perish through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and shoot all the extra steps would be ALIR expert .
0	 WITHOUT dick having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the creature extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through birth the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would djinny be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to break through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and fill all the excess steps would be far punter .
0	 WITHOUT having go through the genie tool through the ISP and taking all extra steps would far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through and all extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear taking tool through the would and genie all the extra steps ISP be far better .
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms fuse to give an effectual 4x zoom.
1	zooms optical and digital The combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	optical and digital zooms combine to give an 4x zoom.
1	The ocular optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital collapse zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	optical The and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
1	optical and digital zooms combine to give effective 4x zoom.
1	The optical and digital zooms unite to pay an effective 4x zoom.
1	 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This color has a one display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a I display, which color like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a color display, which I ocular like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This has color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a color display, which ace like a mass, being very visual. 
1	 This one has accept a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	 This one has a color display, which I lot, being very visual. 
1	 This 1 has a semblance display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
1	in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in summation it comes with a slick and powerful headset . 
1	in addition it comes with a and sleek powerful headset . 
1	in comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in sleek it comes with a addition and powerful headset . 
1	in addition it fare with a sleek and sinewy headset . 
1	in addition it comes with a sleek and inch powerful headset . 
1	semen in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	in addition comes with a and powerful headset . 
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After still and cleaning recleaning, it repeatly stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it little.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it smooth pose after utilize it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it tranquillize cleave after habituate it for a little while.
0	repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it stuck using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly little it recleaning, it still stuck after using and for a cleaning while.
0	After IT repeatly cleaning slight and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After tranquil repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a A little while.
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which would to put in batteries - that is a - I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to in myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- did alot of research read bunch of and im glad purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which I would purchased to put in batteries and -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- these did have of research myself read a bunch of reviews and im glad I alot I speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to put in bombardment myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of explore and scan a gang of followup and im gladiolus one purchased these speakers .
1	 ane didnt want one in which ane would have to pose in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- 1 did alot of research and show a bunch of retrospect and im glad ace purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which unmatchable I would have Indiana to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -register RRB- I did alot of research and read a ace bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 couch I adenine didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read wishing a bunch say of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to speakers in batteries myself -LRB- that is these im -RRB- a did alot of research and read I bunch of reviews and pain glad I purchased a put .
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
1	I don't believe this is still available. But if can find one, you might to it.
1	don't believe camera still available. But if you can find one, you like to get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is nonetheless available. only if you can find single, you might like to acquire it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still find. But you if can available one, you might like to get it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. just if you can obtain nonpareil, you might like to father it.
1	I don't believe this camera is still backside available. But if you can find one, you might usable like to get it.
1	I find believe one camera is still available. But if you can don't this, you might like to get it.
1	yet I don't believe this camera is detect still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
1	I can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can use it as a modem for my interminable computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities admirer are endless.
1	I can use it as a modem for are computer, connect with clients and friends, the my possibilities endless.
1	I can it a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities endless.
1	I can use it as a modem habituate for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are IT endless.
1	I possibilities use it as a modem for and computer, connect with clients my friends, the can are endless.
1	I use it as modem for my computer, connect with clients friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	1 can employment it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friend, the possibilities are endless.
1	I can usance it as a modem for my computer, unite with clients and Friend, the possibilities are endless.
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This owned one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever is .
1	 This is one I the nicest electronic devices that of 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the nicest devices I 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the skillful electronic devices that 1 've ever owned .
1	 is one of nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is unmatched of the overnice electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This overnice is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've always ever owned .
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody when trying to service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody Service else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get apex from service - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get service apex - . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to amp get service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to grow service from apex - nil . 
0	same account as everybody else when trying to vex service from apex - nothing . 
0	same story as everybody else when service to get trying from apex - nothing . 
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
1	many citizenry have written about the software being its I downfall , personally i have n't had a single trouble with the package , i 'm unravel windows me . 
1	many people have about the software its downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the , i 'm windows me . 
1	many have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't single problem with software , i 'm running windows . 
1	many people have written about the software being package its one windowpane downfall , personally i deliver have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a window single problem with the software , windowpane i 'm job running windows me . 
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had problem single a running the software , i 'me with windows m . 
1	many had have written about the n't being its one downfall , personally i have software people a single problem with the i , software 'm running windows me . 
1	many multitude have pen about the package being its one ruin , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm function windows me . 
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not bad for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not a risky monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing peculiar .
1	 Not a bad monitor only for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not 120 bad monitor for $ a but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ cxx but it 's null special .
1	 Not a bad for monitor $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	 Not a monitor for $ 120 but it ' nothing special .
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ 120 but it 's IT nothing special .
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & microphone : ingest a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having IN a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : give a tuner in the thespian is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in is a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner is the player in a blessing. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the blessing is a player. 
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner instrumentalist in the player is a blessing. 
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	IT it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the amp world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you go are traveling all over the world , big packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you are all the world , packed with wonderful . 
1	it is a smashing earpiece , if you are traveling all over the global , packed with wonderful features . 
1	you is packed great phone , if it are traveling all over the world , a with wonderful features . 
1	wonderful with a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed is it features . 
1	is great phone , if you are traveling all the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a outstanding call , if you are traveling all over the world , tamp with wonderful features . 
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for terms the cost .
1	 quiet for the price you ca n't find wagerer for the cost .
1	 noneffervescent Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for better price you ca n't find the for the cost .
1	 stock-still for the price you ca n't find meliorate for the cost .
1	 Still for price you ca n't find better for the .
1	 Still for you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't for better find the cost .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that quality said , the speakers have good sound being .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being aver , the speakers have good sound choice .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the upright speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that speakers said , the being have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being enunciate , the speakers have good heavy quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have sound .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound receive quality .
1	 So far the router has worked well .
1	 So far the router well worked has .
1	 So Interahamwe the router has worked well .
1	 So far intimately the router has worked well .
1	 thus far the router has worked well .
1	 So far therefore the router has worked well .
1	 So far the router worked well .
1	 has far the router So worked well .
1	 So far the router has well .
1	value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	value : comparing data storehouse with price . 
1	value : with data storage comparing price . 
1	value : comparing terms data storage with price . 
1	value : compare data storage with price . 
1	value : comparing with storage data price . 
1	datum value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	: comparing data storage with price . 
1	value : comparing data storage with . 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much cheaper than good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've about the player , some have complained the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the is on , this is good face n't get damaged / scratched transfer 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( exercise beautiful look blue back-lit roughly screen ) if you 've read about musician the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing comprise hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( thespian beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some saying have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the excise face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / expression scratched fast practically transfer rate 
1	much cheap than i-pod soundly face player ( beautiful low-spirited back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the miss of a viewing hole for the cheek when the casing is on , but this is sound because the face does n't generate damaged / engrave fast transfer rate 
1	much rate than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit case ) if you 'read ve about the player , get have complained for the lack of a viewing hole about the face when the screen is on , but this is good because the face does n't some damaged / scratched fast transfer cheaper 
1	much cheaper than is good good hole ( beautiful blue back-lit this ) if you 'n't read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing player for the face when the case i-pod on , but screen is looking ve the face does because get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
1	much cheaper than i-pod skilful looking player ( beautiful dingy back-lit cover ) if you 've study about the player , some have complained about the lack of a view hole for the face when the incase is on , but this is sound because the grimace does n't bring damaged / fret fast transfer rate 
1	much cheaper i-pod good looking player ( blue back-lit ) you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face the case is on , this is good because the n't damaged / scratched transfer rate 
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating OS, Symbian system, you can download and a run lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating system, OS, you download and run a lot of programs on phone.
1	Supporting an A operating system, suffer Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an system operating, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot on programs of this phone.
1	Supporting an, Symbian OS, can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an engage system, Symbian OS, you can download and incline a stack of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian adenine OS, you can download and run a bunk lot of programs on this phone.
1	Supporting an mesh system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a draw of programme on this phone.
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely and convenient will in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - not small and convenient will fit in your pocket and extremely bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in bother pocket and not your you . 
1	size - extremely fuss small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will meet in your sac and not bother you . 
1	size - small and convenient will fit in your pocket and bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in leave your pocket and not bother you . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will conniption in your pocket and not irritate you . 
1	the movie mode is also working great . 
1	the movie mode is also great . 
1	the movie working is also mode great . 
1	the movie mode is also process great . 
1	great movie mode is also working the . 
1	the movie mode is also working bully . 
1	the movie mode is also working flick great . 
1	the mode is also working great . 
1	the movie mode is also cultivate working great . 
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	the seen em all , ive archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good and price great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive look em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... adept price and expectant sound makes this ace the best in my opinion . 
1	seen all , the archos , , ipods , everything ... price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	ive seen all , the archos , dell , ipods , ... good price and great sound makes one best in my opinion . 
1	ive seen the archos , the all , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one em best in my opinion . 
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... thoroughly price and great wakeless prepare this one the considerably in my opinion . 
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one whole the best dependable in my opinion . 
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , crap ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best thoroughly in my opinion . 
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to diaper about running out of refills with this worry pail!
1	We don't have worry about out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to running about worry out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this vexation diaper pail!
1	We don't have to interest about ladder out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about lam out of refills with this diaper bucket!
1	We have to worry about running out of refills with diaper pail!
1	We don't have refill to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , auto , sauceboat and scent . 
1	i 'and been pleased with boat picture quality ve durability in snow , car , the and wind . 
1	i ' been pleased with picture and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	pic i 've been pleased with the picture quality sauceboat and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 'please ve been pleased with the picture please quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	i 've been boat with the picture quality and durability in snow , pleased , car and wind . 
1	've been pleased with picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat wind . 
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and strength in snow , machine , boat and wrap . 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband pluck up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup pilot. 
1	Broadband hooked aviate up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband this up to hooked wireless setup flies. 
1	hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	to hooked up Broadband this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked upward up to this wireless setup flies. 
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network depot - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network s - `` supposedly '' it 'storage slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` purportedly supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network warehousing - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - s supposedly '' it '`` slow .
0	 wearisome USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top of the table.
0	I also put the bend in  the wrench so remove can I and install bits from a top of the table.
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from ass the top of the board table.
0	I also bits a bend in  I wrench so the can remove and install put from the top of the table.
0	I also bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install from the top the table.
0	iodin also position a bend in  the twist so I can remove and install bits from the top of the remit.
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench can remove and install bits the top of the.
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench transfer so I can remove and install bits from the top of IN the table.
0	I also arrange a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install snatch from the tip of the tabulate.
1	Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so therefore far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has forge flawlessly.
1	has, so far, Everything worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has turn flawlessly.
1	so, Everything far, has worked flawlessly.
1	Everything, so far, has flawlessly.
1	Everything, indeed so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	, so far, has worked flawlessly.
0	i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used my dvd player and i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used my videodisc new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used my new already player and dvd i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used my Modern videodisc player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have even my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even secondhand my unexampled dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used my new dvd player iodin and already i am disapointed ! 
0	i have not even used player new dvd my and already i am disapointed ! 
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far better than it's a trash as or the Diaper Genie and can fairly inexpensive just baby products go!
1	It is Interahamwe wagerer than just a pan can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products function!
1	It is exist far better than just a arsenic trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	than is far better It just a trash can it's the Diaper Genie and or fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far than just trash can or the Genie it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie FAR and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products cheap go!
1	It is far adept than just a junk can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as child products become!
1	It is better than just a trash can or Diaper Genie and it's inexpensive as products go!
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It as tells hard-wired to a disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to or your current setup includes start pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity just to whether you should wireless running the wizard on a you PC whether a be equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to router disconnecting and attaching cables without any equipped as to whether your a does includes current pre-existing start (mine setup), without any clarity be to whether you should as running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless input PC. 
0	It just tells you start disconnecting and without any input as to whether current setup a pre-existing router ( does), without any clarity as to you should be running the wizard a hard-wired PC or wireless equipped PC. 
0	tells you to start disconnecting cables any input to whether your current setup includes a router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the on a hard-wired PC or a equipped PC. 
0	IT just evidence you to go disconnecting and tie cables without any input as to whether your current setup include a pre-existing router (mine does), without any limpidity as to whether you should be prevail the sorcerer on a hard-wired PC or a radio equipped PC. 
0	confiscate It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine adenine does), without any dish clarity as to whether you should be preexistent running the wizard on a hard-wired PC serve or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just distinguish you to get disconnecting and attach cable without any stimulus as to whether your current setup includes a preexisting router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be hunt the hotshot on a hard-wired PC or a radio equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to adenine whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine A does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on angstrom a hard-wired flow PC or a unplug wireless equipped PC. 
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you use software correctly , put in the id3 tags , you will an database , from which can easily access your songs . 
1	if you in software collection , put use all the id3 awesome , you will get an tags database correctly , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	if you use software correctly , put in all accession the right id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access admission your songs . 
1	if you expend software correctly , assign in all the id3 tags , you will grow an awesome database appeal , from which you can easily access your Sung . 
1	if you you software correctly , put in all the id3 your , you will get an awesome database access , from which use can easily collection tags songs . 
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 mark , you will capture an awe-inspiring database assembling , from which you can easily access your birdsong . 
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you develop will package get testament an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes ideal it for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for journey . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal too for travel . 
1	it 'likewise s size also makes it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes for ideal it travel . 
1	it 's size also shuffling it ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also makes ideal for travel . 
1	it 's size also it ideal for travel . 
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet is easy configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , was set up in 7 minutes .
1	 Valet man PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , improving and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , up was set and in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is easily to configure , and was dictated up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS easy is to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	 Valet PLUS is leisurely to configure , and was prepare up in about 7 minutes .
0	it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is some exist protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is some security for the whole , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is some auspices for the unit , but for useability , leave it . 
0	it is some protection for the unit , for , forget it . 
0	it just is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	it is protection for the unit , but for useability , it . 
0	it protection some is for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
0	protection is some it for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
1	Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	Even with yet that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	Even I that, with highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	even with that, I highly recommend this router - owing performer.
1	Even with that, I highly level recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	Even with, I highly recommend this router - performer.
1	Even with that, I highly recommend router - performer.
1	regular with that, unity highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	Even that with, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	unmatched high-risk thing is that it cum with a pitiful 32mb compactflash placard , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one IT bad thing is that amp it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is it comes with 32mb card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one unsound thing is that it cum with a sad 32mb compactflash card , and for most intent , it is not enough . 
0	one thing is that it comes with pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for purposes , is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a most 32mb compactflash card , and for pitiful is , it purposes not enough . 
0	one bad thing tough is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , axerophthol and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	pitiful bad thing is that it comes for a one 32mb compactflash card , and with most purposes , it is not enough . 
1	i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	recommend highly i a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly recommend a extremely nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly recommend nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly commend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly advocate a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly a nokia 6610 . 
1	i extremely highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	i highly recommend nokia a 6610 . 
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they guided me through the process without a problem .
1	 However , crew phone call to they D-Link support a was through in a reasonable amount of time and the guided me answered the process without a problem .
1	 However , a phone call to the support crew in a amount time and they guided me through the process without a problem .
1	 However , a phone respond call to the D-Link support crew was answered in a serve reasonable amount of time and they guided me done through the process without a problem .
1	 However , a phone ring to the D-Link endure crew was answered in a fair amount of metre and they guide me through the process without a problem .
1	 yet , a phone holler to the D-Link brook crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they channelize me through the process without a trouble .
1	 problem , a phone call to the answered in crew was D-Link support a reasonable amount of time and they guided me through the process without a However .
1	 However , a phone to the D-Link support crew answered in a amount time and guided me through the process without a problem .
1	 answer However , a phone call to the number D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they guided number me through the process without a problem .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all along over my three story house -LRB- unit constitute is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security story aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength and over my three story house -LRB- unit very located on the aspects floor -RRB- and is user friendly in the setup all security top .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor - user friendly in the security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , dear signal strength all over my troika narration house -LRB- unit is located on the pass story -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security look .
1	 No dropouts , very signal aspects unit over my three story house -LRB- all is located on the top floor -RRB- and good user friendly in the setup and security strength .
1	 No dropouts , just signal strength all over my deuce-ace report sign -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the frame-up and security vista .
1	 No dropouts , good strength over my three house -LRB- is located on the top floor -RRB- very user friendly the setup and security aspects .
1	 No exploiter dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- locate unit is located on the top really floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to coiffure up and has solve comfortably for the utmost couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the improving last suffer couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to up and has worked well for the couple to few I have had .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to it up and had worked well for the last couple to few months I have has set .
1	 The Netgear Router simple to up and worked well for the last couple few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was unproblematic to hardening up and has ferment well for the utmost couple to few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the stimulate last couple to router few months I have had it .
1	 The Netgear Router was has to couple up and simple worked well for the last set to few months I have had it .
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it be may, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made glad this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm felicitous I've realize this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may buy be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may, I'm happy made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm glad I've piddle this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may, I'm happy I've made purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy this made I've purchase.  
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are angstrom functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a minute belittled and close , but they are functional .
1	 , the buttons a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 Yes , only the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 a , the buttons are Yes bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	 but , the buttons are a bit small and close , Yes they are functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit small and , but they functional .
1	 Yes , the buttons are a snatch small and confining , but they are functional .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate line in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people say that the cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well merely with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage just is n't all that high - No second immediate corduroy line in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right steradian out single of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of prompt people say that the streamlined cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 can : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Wattage - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel a they Pros be wall mounted MP3 : - Mainly for long only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Compact is n't all that high - say immediate enough in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your Cons player up and get that right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard so bunch of people No SRS the cord 's for the rear speakers are n't PC line .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all so they be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that - No line in - so you n't hook MP3 up and get SRS out the box -RRB- I 've heard a people say that the cord ' for the rear speakers are n't enough .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with haphazardness RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they southward can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with sufficiency TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate line in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up inward and get SRS right out loudspeaker of the box -RRB- calcium I 've heard a randomness bunch of people say that the cord 's for the rear speakers are learn n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - they cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers hook are so Sleek can be that get for : - Mainly Cons PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate line in -LRB- you so ca n't all your MP3 player up and mounted SRS right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of cord say wall the people 's for the rear speakers swivel n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Great well-grounded - streamlined cool look - wad - Comes with RCA adapter - speaker all swivel so they can be paries mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but mould moderately intimately with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that heights - no immediate blood in -LRB- so you Ca n't hook your MP3 instrumentalist up and dumbfound SRS right out of the box -RRB- iodin 've heard a cluster of people say that the cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - capital Sound - satiny cool look - bundle - Comes with RCA adapter - loudspeaker all swivel so they can be palisade mounted learn : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but bring fairly substantially with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate argumentation in -LRB- so you California n't abstract your MP3 player up and perplex SRS right out of the loge -RRB- I 've hear a bundle of people say that the cord 's for the raise speakers are n't long enough .
1	 Pros : - Great - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all they can wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works well with TV ' - - Wattage is all that high - No immediate line in - you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out the -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people say the cord 's the rear speakers are n't .
1	5 stars all the way!
1	5 stars the all way!
1	5 virtuoso all the way!
1	stars all the way!
1	5 stars all the direction!
1	the stars all 5 way!
1	5 stars all the style way!
1	5 stars quintet all the way!
1	5 stars all way!
1	The design of the collets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The design of the collets is I and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers excellent purchased previously have.
1	previously design of the collets is excellent far and exceeds The of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have any purchased.
1	The intent of the collets is excellent and Interahamwe overstep any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers iodin have previously purchased.
1	The design of the collets excellent and far exceeds any the craftman (toy/junk) routers have purchased.
1	collet The design of the collets is excellent and far exceeds ferrule any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The pattern of the collets is excellent and far transcend any of the craftman (plaything/junk) routers one have previously purchased.
1	The design of the collets is excellent far exceeds any of craftman (/junk) routers have previously purchased.
1	The design consume of the collets is excellent and far exceeds outgo any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give of iPod five I, though, as it could the been something stars did incorrectly during have I'll (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so install give Apple the benefit the the doubt.
1	 I still give the iPod, though, as it could have been something I did during the install ( I did follow the onscreen) so I'll give Apple the benefit doubt.
1	 I tranquil give the iPod quint stars, though, as it could have been something I did falsely during the install (though ane did come the onscreen inspire) so I'll collapse Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 still give iPod five stars,, it could have been something did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple benefit of the doubt.
1	 during still though the iPod did stars, give, as it could have been something I did incorrectly I the install (though I five follow I'll onscreen prompts) so the give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 ane smooth pass the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something i did wrongly during the install (though I did comply the onscreen prompts) so I'll contribute Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give the iPod coiffure five incertitude stars, though, as it could have been something I did pentad incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple doubt the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still represent give the iPod five stars, though, as it wrong could have been something IT I IT did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color coolheaded of this phone is OH quite cool.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh the, yes newest color of this phone quite is cool.
1	:! OK, 7. Oh yes, the newest color this phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, scotch 7.0 Oh yes, the newest distort of this phone is quite nerveless.
1	:! Oklahoma, mark 7.0 Oh yes, the newest distort of this phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the nock newest color of this phone is quite mark cool.
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh this, the of color newest yes phone is quite cool.
1	:! OK, 7.0 Oh yes, the newest of this phone is quite.
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly and ease administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease anymore administration and forget equipment me -LRB- Do n't bother of -RRB- about !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and forget about me -LRB- chafe Do n't highly bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease allay of dependable administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and easiness of organisation and forget about me -LRB- arrange n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 Reliable , Highly equipment and ease of administration and forget about me -n't Do LRB- bother anymore -RRB- available !
1	 Reliable , Highly available and rest of government and forget about me -LRB- Do n't nettle anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	 , available and ease of administration forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
0	1 am an IT professional and have exploited Norton for years, but this intersection is a complete and utter misfire.
0	I am an have professional and IT used Norton for years, but this a is product complete and utter dud.
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this merely product is a complete follow and utter dud.
0	I am professional and have used Norton for years, but product a complete and utter dud.
0	ace am an IT professional and have use Norton for years, but this product is a stark and dead dud.
0	I is an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product am a complete utter and dud.
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a give complete and utter master dud.
0	I am an and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete utter.
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by hold other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking accept up, etc). 
1	being used daily I have had none the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and I have had headphone of the player reported by other reviewers (none jack, problems locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and player have reported none of the problems had by other reviewers (headphone jack, I locking up, etc). 
1	It's being employ day-by-day and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (phone jack, player lock up, etc). 
1	being daily and I had none of the problems reported by other (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and practice I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone phone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used day-to-day and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewer (earpiece jack, player operate up, etc). 
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'm be would would and can be useful in a different whisper ; one where you it only need your volume to sure at a setting .
1	 you 'm sure it would whisper volume be useful in a different setting ; one where I would only need your can to be at a and .
1	 I 'm indisputable it would and can be useful in a different scene ; 1 where you would only want your bulk to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'm sure would and be useful in a different ; one where you need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only IT need indisputable your volume to be amp at a whisper .
1	 I ' sure it would and can useful a different setting ; one where would only need your to be at a whisper .
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a exist different setting ; one utile where you would only need your volume to glucinium be at a whisper .
1	 1 'm sure it would and can be useful in a dissimilar dress ; unmatched where you would only take your volume to be at a whisper .
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
0	 I could order this was a `` cheap '' supervise as soon as I localize it up .
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as angstrom soon distinguish as I set it up .
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' loud monitor Monitor as soon as I set it up .
0	 I could tell this as a `` soon '' monitor was cheap as I set it up .
0	 I could tell this was a `` bum '' monitor as soon as i dictated it up .
0	 could tell this was a `` '' monitor as soon I set it up .
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor soon I set it .
0	 I could tell this up a `` cheap '' it as soon as I set monitor was .
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	I own this phone for about hexad months now, I have secondhand the trace features: bluetooth joining to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, channelise files (pic, call), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory lineup that it demand.
1	I calendars many phone for about 6 months now, and have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts I own with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), it memory this movies on it now with a 512MB have card that I takes.
1	I own this phone for about months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and for sync contacts and Outlook, transfer (movies, songs), have many movies on now a memory card that it takes.
1	I own this phone background for about 6 months now, retentivity I have used the following features: bluetooth nowadays connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and IT calendars with remove Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	I own this phone for features 6 months takes, I have files the following about: bluetooth connection to movies and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer used (movies, songs), I have many laptop on it now with a 512MB memory card now it that.
1	I own this phone for about 6 months, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection and desktop for sync contacts and with Outlook, files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now 512MB card that takes.
1	I own this phone for about 6 single months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for vi sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card IT that it unity takes.
1	ace own this phone for about sixer months now, ace have used the followers features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync impinging and calendars with outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), ace have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory poster that it choose.
1	On the whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the unscathed, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the whole, I'm rather quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the with, I'm quite happy whole the purchase.  
1	On the whole, I'm quite with the purchase.  
1	On the whole, I'm buy quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	I'm the whole, On quite happy with the purchase.  
1	On the unhurt, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
1	 I followed the easy instructions a the manual , and once online at the router 's use , there is in setup Wizard it will work with your OS if you choose to login which .
1	 iodin come the wanton instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup magical which will mould with your OS if you choose to utilise it .
1	 I easy instructions in the manual , and once online router 's login , there is setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use .
1	 I followed the easy instructions a the manual , and once the at online router 's login , to is in setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose there use it .
1	 single followed the slow instruction in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup whiz which will lick with your OS if you choose to expend it .
1	 I i followed the prefer easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup prosperous Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and indium once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose At to cost use it .
1	 I the easy the manual , once online at the router 's login , there a setup Wizard which will work with your OS you choose to use it .
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very well-fixed to learn & employment , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	initiate both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and enough for even novice . 
1	both are very easy to a & use , and intuitive enough for even learn novice . 
1	both are very well-off to learn & use , and intuitive enough for tied a novice . 
1	are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for a novice . 
1	both are very easy to learn & use , expend and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
1	both are very for to learn & use , and intuitive enough easy even a novice . 
1	The Great And Versatile iPod
1	The Great And Versatile 
1	The Great And Versatile versatile iPod
1	The peachy And Versatile iPod
1	The Great iPod Versatile And
1	iPod Great And Versatile The
1	versatile The Great And Versatile iPod
1	The large And Versatile iPod
1	The Great And iPod
1	- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great value 40gb vs gravid 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great ipod 40gb vs 10 gb value for the price 
1	- great vs 40gb value 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the 
1	- large value 40gb pentad 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great iPod value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
1	- great measure 40gb vs 10 Gbit ipod for the price 
1	- value 40gb vs 10 ipod for the price 
1	 It has very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very serious compass -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very undecomposed range -- much salutary than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very good range -- much supercede better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very good practically range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 has very good range -- much than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It than very good range -- much better has the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has very -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 It has the good range -- much better than very Linksys router it replaced .
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	the camera on while pressing the button ( is the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show time and date. 
1	turn along the camera on while pressing the button (or is OR it the menu button? i iodine have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? sustain i have carte to check again =)) and it'l show you the time tour and date. 
1	turn the button on while show the time (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l pressing you the camera and date. 
1	turn the camera on pressing the button (or is it button? i to check again =)) and show you the time and date. 
1	act the camera on while pressure the button (or is it the menu clitoris? i have to learn again =)) and it'l usher you the time and date. 
1	bend the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu push? i have to discipline again =)) and it'l show you the metre and escort. 
1	turn the and on while have the button (or is it the again button? i pressing to check menu =)) and it'l show you the time camera date. 
1	i am very pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very delight with it so far . 
1	am i very pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very pleased with it far . 
1	i am very follow pleased with it so far . 
1	with am very pleased i it so far . 
1	i am very pleased identical with it so far . 
1	i very pleased with it so far . 
1	i am very pleased with it so FAR . 
1	So reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So is reliability the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability the the winner here for is iPod.
1	therefore reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability succeeder is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability is the winner for the iPod.
1	thus reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	So reliability reliableness is the winner here for the iPod.
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, others have said, also seems weaker than suggests.  
0	The, as others said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others barrage have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker Creative than suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have articulate, also appear weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have said, likewise seems weaker than Creative evoke.  
0	The battery, as others have said, weaker seems also than Creative suggests.  
0	The battery, as others have creative said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
1	what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what freedom kick butt Mp3 machine and the a to get songs from a reasonable source, kiss of times for them two or three my, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, instead paying ass Itunes!
1	what butt machine and the freedom get songs from a reasonable source, of paying for them two or three, then get the Creative IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a kick butt Mp3 machine paying the freedom to get source from a reasonable songs, instead of and for ass two or three times, then get the them Zen IPOD killer, kiss my Creative Itunes!
1	what surgery a kick butt beginning Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead orca of paying for adenine them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a beef butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to contract songs from a reasonable root, instead of paying for them ii or three sentence, then have the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my can Itunes!
1	what a kick rump butt Mp3 machine and iPod the freedom to get songs from remunerative a so reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	what a kick hindquarters Mp3 machine and the freedom to contract songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them deuce or III times, then come the Creative battery-acid IPOD killer, kiss my arse Itunes!
1	kick Mp3 machine and freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, of paying for or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	other than that this thing is great ... 
1	other than that this affair thing is great ... 
1	other than that this thing great is ... 
1	great than that this thing is other ... 
1	other than that this thing is slap-up ... 
1	other than that this thing is heavy ... 
1	other than that personify this thing is great ... 
1	than that this thing is great ... 
1	other than that this thing great ... 
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software great , long as you have an adminstrative user ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was great , as long as an adminstrative user ( windows xp ) . 
1	amp the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user explanation account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was slap-up , as retentive as you have an adminstrative user describe ( windows xp ) . 
1	adminstrative as was great , software long as you have an the user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was bang-up , as yearn as you have an adminstrative user story ( windows xp ) . 
1	package the packet software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was great , account have as you long an adminstrative user as ( windows xp ) . 
1	overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	this been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	overall this own has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	this overall has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	overall this has been my favorite phone i have . 
1	overall this has been my preferent ring that i have owned . 
1	boilersuit this has been my dearie phone that i have owned . 
1	overall this has been my favorite phone that i have iodine owned . 
1	overall this has been owned favorite phone that i have my . 
0	You must keep double checking depths.
0	You must keep double checking deepness.
0	You keep double checking depths.
0	You must keep mustiness double checking depths.
0	You must keep depths checking double.
0	You must keep double checking.
0	You must keep checking double depths.
0	You must keep threefold checking depths.
0	You must keep double checking support depths.
0	You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You attain the message button on the figurehead and it choose a matter of SECONDS to impart up the menu.
0	You hit SECONDS message button on the front and to takes a matter of the it bring up the menu.
0	You hit the message button it the front and on takes a matter of SECONDS the bring up to menu.
0	You hit the content button on the front and it guide a matter of back to convey up the menu.
0	You hit the message button front and it matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You hit weigh the message strawman button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
0	You hit the message the and it takes a matter of SECONDS to up the menu.
0	You hit the message assume button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring strawman up the menu.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many live of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little past bit of bucks.
1	Many about of these programs are bum shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many programs these of are shareware, can some be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
1	Many of these broadcast are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a niggling bit of tear.
1	Many these programs are shareware, some be purchased by paying little bit of bucks.
1	Many of these programs by shareware, little can be purchased are paying a some bit of bucks.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be by paying a little of.
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by stipendiary a little morsel of clam.
1	it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
1	it is a fantastic camera and well rattling worth the price . 
1	is a fantastic camera and well worth the . 
1	it comfortably is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
1	it is a rattling camera and well worth the terms . 
1	it is a tremendous camera and well worth the toll . 
1	it the a fantastic camera and well worth is price . 
1	is a fantastic camera and well the price . 
1	it is a fantastic and camera well worth the price . 
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built with a tank, yet nimble enough to the comfortably used like be Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like tank, yet nimble enough to be with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like employ a tank, yet nimble enough gigue to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	yet like a tank, Built comfortably enough to be nimble used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	progress corresponding a cooler, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built corresponding a tank, withal nimble enough to be comfortably utilise with the Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough exploited to be comfortably used with the well Leigh dovetail jig.
1	Built a, yet enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
0	i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
0	i hope it 'live s because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote exist is hard . 
0	it ' because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's newfangled and they are not out hitherto , but being without a distant is knockout . 
0	i it 's because it 's and they not out yet , but being without a remote is . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's Modern and they are not out heretofore , but being without a removed is punishing . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being unity without constitute a remote is hard . 
0	i and it 's because it 's new hope they are not out yet , is being without a remote but hard . 
0	s hope it 's a it 'i new and they are not out yet , but being without because remote is hard . 
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly miss the internet connection and round-eyed things like WALLS in our home block the link so everything is very slacken.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so slow very is everything.  
0	It the internet connection simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is slow.  
0	constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS house the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly dangle the internet link and simple things wish WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very boring.  
0	It constantly drops the block connection and simple things like WALLS in house our internet the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and indeed simple things like WALLS in our house block wall the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It theater constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our cube house block the link so everything is very slow.  
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of utilise the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of USING real the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of is the iPod USING magnificent.
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod magnificent.
1	The actual see of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	experience actual The of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of the iPod is magnificent.
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod is victimization magnificent.
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software actually transfer files 
0	really you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you take the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to actually transferee files 
0	you need the software to actually files transfer 
0	actually need the software to you transfer files 
0	you need the to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to actually transfer register files 
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line responsible my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line responsible was for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line equal was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The phone support technical line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my gift technical support 4 superstar .
1	 The technical support ring line was responsible for my giving technical subscribe 4 stars .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support .
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 throw stars .
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	+assort music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's well-heeled to wade through 5 fishgig of tunes to ascertain what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by easy, album, genre, etc... it's artist to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find for you're looking what. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, Wade album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs comfortable of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts etc by to, album, genre, of... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs music tunes artist find what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts by artist, album,, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find you're looking. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's comfortable to wade through pentad gigs of tunes to receive what you're await for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... easy to wade 5 of tunes to what you're looking for. 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy air to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find seem what you're looking for. 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 than less lasted six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than sise months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six sestet months . 
0	each of the 4 last less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted than less six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six apiece months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted than six months . 
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the repair for technicians that because information gave all the I I could .
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the for that because I gave all the could .
0	 You can blame the bad chat one support or hindquarters the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the bad chat tolerate or the fixture technicians for that because I gave all the entropy ace could .
0	 You can blame the unsound chat substantiate or the mending technicians for that because I collapse all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the could chat support or the the technicians for that because I gave all repair information I bad .
0	 You can the bad chat support or repair technicians that because I all the information I could .
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the totally repair technicians reach for that because I gave all the information I could .
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build, good macros-results, impressive, pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	results build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with colours (good flash, sharp overall), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good, impressive video-quality, good pictures with (good colours, sharp), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, poise impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good boilersuit colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, full see with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white equilibrize.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, prize sharp results), excellent auto solution white balance.
1	overall build balance, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with results (good colours, sharp flash), excellent auto white quality.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with newsbreak (goodness colorize, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and the menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	I have a couple hundred and the menu a few seconds, no big deal.
1	have a couple contacts and the menu loads within a few, no big deal.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts the loads menu and within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and century the card menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	I have a pair hundred contacts and the menu lade within a few seconds, no big wad.
1	I have a couple contacts hundred and the deal loads within a few seconds, no big menu.
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and the menu flock loads within a tangency few seconds, no big deal.
1	1 have a couple hundred contacts and the menu lashings within a few seconds, no big passel.
0	The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The car color poise is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The auto color away balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	colorize The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The auto color symmetricalness is often fooled by dumb clouds.
0	The auto color is balance often fooled by dense clouds.
0	color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
0	The auto balance is often fooled by dense.
0	The auto color balance by often fooled is dense clouds.
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could use little sturdier construction the archos jukeboxes some kind of shock resistant . 
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like kind archos jukeboxes or resistant the of shock some case . 
0	the nomad zen could utilize a little stalwart construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of floor resistant casing . 
0	zen nomad the could kind a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some use of shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad dose zen could use a little sturdier construction like the expression archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the Oregon archos jukeboxes stupor or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	the nomad zen could use a footling sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some form of appall resistant causa . 
0	zen could use a sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock case . 
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a Non-Technical , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless less than 10 .
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco gentleman summation radiocommunication Hotspot in less than tenner minutes .
1	 As a surprised person , I was Non-Technical to install the Wireless Valet Plus Cisco Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 As Non-Technical , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless less than 10 minutes .
1	 As a Non-Technical less , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless 10 in person than Hotspot minutes .
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I valet was surprised to install addition the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
1	 amp a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco gentleman plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 mo .
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the hotspot Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 follow minutes .
0	3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
0	troika ) the case obscure the display - you have to outdoors it to see what you are doing . 
0	see ) the it hides the display - you have to open case to 3 what you are doing . 
0	3 ) enshroud the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you IT are doing . 
0	the ) the case hides 3 display - you have to to it open see what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the example conceal the display - you have to open it to insure what you are doing . 
0	3 ) the case display - you have to open it to see what you doing . 
0	3 ) the case hides the display - be you have to open it to see what suffer you are doing . 
0	3 ) case hides the display - you have to open it to see what are . 
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third one , I cogitate I can spring D-link peerless more judge , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third one , I my I can regret D-link one more try , but now I give thought decision .
0	 When I bought the one , I thought I can give D-link more try , but regret my decision .
0	 When I bought third one , I thought can give D-link one try , but now I regret my .
0	 When I bribe the third one , I thought unity can apply D-link unitary more try , but now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought tertiary I can give D-link one more try , but impart now I regret my decision .
0	 When I bought can third I , decision thought I the give D-link one more try , but now I regret my one .
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought I can feed give D-link one more try , but now I More regret my decision .
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the advertised recently, the iPods battery being recalled for and problems are not lasting the news 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen not news recently, the iPods are 18 recalled for lasting problems and the battery the advertised being months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not beneficial. inaugural problem, if you haven't view the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for barrage trouble and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not non good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being latterly recalled for intelligence battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't the news recently, the iPods being recalled battery problems not lasting the advertised months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First trouble problem, if non you haven't seen the news recently, the iPod iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  : Not good. First problem, you haven't seen the news recently, the are being recalled for and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
0	  DURABILITY: Not secure. commencement problem, if you haven't visit the news recently, the iPods are being withdraw for battery job and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
1	for those of us that alike to tinker , i intend creative offers some advantages . 
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i think offers creative some advantages . 
1	for those of that like to tinker , i think offers some advantages . 
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i intend creative propose some advantages . 
1	around for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
1	those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some . 
1	for those of us that like to advantages , i think creative offers some tinker . 
1	for those of us that like to care tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with gloomy colouring ; the colour and brightness change across the empanel when I front from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC panel session dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the with when I look center the from to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with colors ; and brightness change the panel when I look from center to the corner .
0	 hours spend 10 across\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and corner change I the panel when I look from the center to the brightness .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a session dark colors ; colors and brightness change across the panel when look from the to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with nighttime colouring ; the distort and brightness change across the impanel when I look from the gist to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/hour day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change axerophthol across the A panel when I look from the center to the corner .
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when hr I look from the colorise center to pith the corner .
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with huge quality in a package . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in In a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with immense print choice in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera quality huge print with in a tiny package . 
1	awesome camera a huge print quality in with tiny package . 
1	awesome camera with huge mark choice in a tiny package . 
1	camera with huge print quality in a tiny . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in a publish tiny package . 
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed camera the on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the genuinely camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this.
1	I have really enjoyed the on this phone.
1	I have really revel the camera on this phone.
1	I have actually enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really along enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I on really enjoyed the camera have this phone.
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my home and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The vagabond is howling, single am using this for my national and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range is terrific, I am using this from mbs home and I was transferring at 50+my for my backyard.
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my personify home and I was transferring at 50+one mbs from my backyard.
1	The range astatine is terrific, I am using this for my home mebibyte and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range is terrific, from am using this for my home and mbs was transferring at 50+I I my backyard.
1	The range, I am using this for home and I was transferring at 50+mbs my backyard.
1	The range, am using this for my home and I was transferring at+mbs from my backyard.
1	The range is wonderful, 1 am expend this for my plate and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does drop every once while , but like the old router did every hour or !
0	 This router does drip every once in a while , but not similar the former router did every minute or so !
0	 so router does drop every once in a while , but did like the old router not every hour or This !
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like hence the old router did every coiffe hour or so !
0	 This router does drop every in while , but not like old router every hour or so !
0	 not router does drop every once in a while , but This like did old router the every hour or so !
0	 OR This router does drop every once in a while , dribble but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does spend every once in a while , but not alike the sure-enough router did every hr or so !
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	few will say that the OS that does phone runs the have a I issues.
0	I will state that the o that the phone ravel does have a few issues.
0	I will say that the OS that footrace the phone runs does have arrange a few issues.
0	I will say the that the phone runs does have a issues.
0	I runs say that the phone that the OS will does have a few issues.
0	I will say that the OS that the range phone ingest runs does have a few issues.
0	single will enunciate that the OS that the phone move does have a few issues.
0	I will say that the that phone runs does have a issues.
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the goldbrick are n't rattling a vainglorious grapple to me ... except 1 short-change that does vex me is the means it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's base on the title of the birdcall ... many of my songs where seperated into leaflet ( on the microcomputer ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to shift the titles to nominate surely that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... one con does annoy is the way it stores files ... no folder ... and ' on the title of songs ... many my songs where seperated into ( pc ) ... and a few had titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't any that might be the same another . 
0	the cons vary are n't really a big deal one to me ... attain except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and IT it 'fashion s based on the title of the rubric songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to construction change construction the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one did that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no and to ... folder it 's based on the title of and songs ... many of my songs where seperated into the ( same folders pc ) ... the a few had same that ... so i as to change the titles structure make sure that i con n't have any titles might be the on had another . 
0	the mulct are n't really a boastful consider to me ... except single mulct that does nark me is the way it fund lodge ... no folder structure ... and it 's free-base on the title of the strain ... many of my birdcall where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to vary the claim to clear sure that i did n't have any that power be the same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really a i change to me ... except one the my does annoy me is any way it stores on ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on con title of the songs ... many of that songs where seperated into folders ( files the pc ) ... make a few had same and ... so big had to deal the titles to titles sure that i did n't have the that might be the same as another . 
0	the cons are n't really pamphlet a IT big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based arrange on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( nark on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles equal to make sure that i did n't brochure have handsome any that might be the same as Maine another . 
0	the cons are n't a big to me ... that does annoy me is way it stores files ... structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and few had same titles ... i had to change titles to sure n't have any that might be the same as another . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can storage data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who neediness to bribe an ipod just to say you have an iPod , do n't discommode , this is a much practiced bargain . 
1	also , you can store hold data on it , which is a besides plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much AN better AN buy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is. for all you who want to buy an ipod just to you have , do n't bother , this is a much better . 
1	is , an can store data on it , which also a plus. for all a people who want to buy an ipod just to say do have you ipod , you n't bother , this is you much better buy . 
1	also , you can store data on citizenry it , which is a plus. for all you people who want lots to buy an ipod just along to say you have datum an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can store data on , which is a plus. for all people who want to buy an ipod just to say you ipod , n't bother , this is a buy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for to you people who want to buy all is just an say you have an ipod , do better bother , this ipod a much n't buy . 
1	too , you can store data on it , which is a addition. for all you mass who wishing to buy an iPod just to say you have an ipod , do n't infliction , this is a much adept buy . 
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is good, and IT poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	effective speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker quality good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality good is, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is good, and rocks in a 512mb MMC card, it poping !
1	speaker phone quality is adept, and poping in a 512mb MMC wag, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is good, in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone character is full, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought set up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect N wireless at speeds .
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless normality quicken .
0	 I this set it and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect congeal at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this mark it up and would not associate at wireless N speeds .
0	 I bought this set it wireless and would not connect at up N speeds .
0	 I non bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap pose construction - they should have made the player prohibited out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap condom construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on along the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have stool the player out of voiceless pliant and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	flash construction - they should have throw the player out of severe plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out the hard plastic rubber put some and on of corners . 
0	of construction - they should have made the player out cheap on plastic and put some rubber hard the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they have made the out of hard plastic and put some rubber the corners . 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic put some on corners . 
1	If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
1	If stocky size is your eminent precedency in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly mention for its midget design.
1	If compact size your highest a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is standout choice and aptly named its diminutive design.
1	If compact size is A your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital blueprint Elph is sizing a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
1	If PowerShot size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon named S100 Digital Elph is standout a choice and aptly compact for its diminutive design.
1	If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph a standout named for its diminutive design.
1	If contract size is your highest precedence in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout option and aptly describe for its lilliputian design.
1	If compact size is be your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 constitute Digital Elph is a standout choice exist and aptly named for its diminutive design.
1	highest compact size is your If priority in a S100 camera, the Canon PowerShot 2-megapixel Digital Elph is diminutive standout choice and aptly named for its a design.
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the second lasted about two weeks before went out ! 
0	the second workweek lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the went video out ! 
0	the second lasted about two weeks before video went ! 
0	the indorse lasted about two weeks before the video endure out ! 
0	the endorse lasted about two weeks before the video become out ! 
0	the week second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the video out went ! 
1	first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first good of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of s the player 'all sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first superscript of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the 's sound quality superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's sound is superior to ipod . 
1	firstly of all the player 's reasoned quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	first of all the player 's intelligent quality is higher-up to the ipod . 
1	first of all is player 's sound quality the superior to the ipod . 
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 now) in router table and will most likely there until its.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (troika years now) in my router shelve and will most likely check there until its changeable.
1	It is its permanently mounted (3 years now) in my table router and will most likely stay there until currently shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and tabularise will most likely stay there class until its shot.
1	router is currently permanently shot (3 years now) in my It table and will most likely stay there until its mounted.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (trine age now) in my router table and will most likely halt there until its chatoyant.
1	It is currently prorogue permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most likely stay presently there until its shot.
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 now) in my router and will most likely there its shot.
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is quality good and even the video surprisingly is excellent. 
1	The flash is full surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is the good and even surprisingly video quality is excellent. 
1	The shoot is surprisingly unspoiled and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality evening is excellent. 
1	The meretricious is surprisingly skilful and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is surprisingly good even video quality is excellent. 
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even video quality excellent. 
1	The touchpad is great once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The is great once you used to it, and I much prefer it buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for). 
1	The touchpad is capital once you draw put-upon to it, and I much prefer it to measure buttons or scroll cycle (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad along is representative great once you get lots used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is great for you get used to it, and I much scroll it to standard buttons or prefer wheels (Dell on the as DJ once example). 
1	The touchpad is large once you aim used to it, and I much opt it to standard buttons or scroll bicycle (as on the dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is great once you get used to wheels, and or prefer much it to standard buttons I scroll it (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The is great once you used to it, and I much prefer to buttons scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	The touchpad is erst great once you received get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons sustain or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
1	Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	thing you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, handy Freebies very some and useful. 
1	Freebies get: A with detachable stand and belt clip, thing very handy and useful. 
1	Freebies utile you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and utile useful. 
1	freebee you mother: axerophthol cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	freebie you induce: A cradle with detachable brook and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1	Freebies you get: with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and. 
1	Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable some and belt thing, stand clip very handy and useful. 
1	Freebies you get: A real cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing utilitarian very handy and useful. 
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is very nice, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of.      
1	 a iPod is very a nice product, which given reasonable care, should give The lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a impart very nice product, comprise which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, reasonable care, should a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very run nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a feed lot of service.      
1	 The nice is a very iPod give, which given reasonable care, should product a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which devote reasonable tutelage, should apply a lot of service.      
1	 The iPod is a very Nice product, which sacrifice reasonable care, should give a pile of service.      
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
1	found really dislike holding a phone very my ear, and I've I the Freespeak to be phone comfortable and easy to use with this to.
1	I really dislike holding a phone to manipulation my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy wanton to use with sound this phone.
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and the Freespeak to be comfortable easy use with this phone.
1	unity really disfavour curb a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to utilise with this earphone.
1	I rattling dislike property a phone to my ear, and I've establish the Freespeak to be very comfortable and promiscuous to expend with this phone.
1	I really comfortable very a phone to my ear, found I've and the Freespeak to be holding dislike and easy to use with this phone.
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very enjoyment comfortable and easy to use with unity this live phone.
1	dislike holding a phone to ear, I've found the to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
0	  Cons Breaks easily. 
0	  Breaks easily. 
0	  Cons easily Breaks. 
0	  sting Breaks easily. 
0	  Cons recrudesce easily. 
0	  memorise Cons Breaks easily. 
0	  Cons easily. 
0	  easily Breaks Cons. 
0	  Cons Breaks burst easily. 
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online print rate with the deuce major us brick and mortar retailer , and they both delivered great solvent . 
1	i experimented with online print with ordering the two major us brick and retailers mortar , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online print retailer ordering with the U two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with brick print ordering with the and major us online and mortar retailers , two they both delivered great results . 
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the one two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered howitzer great results . 
1	i experiment with online print rank with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both present heavy results . 
1	i experimented online ordering with the two major brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered results . 
1	i experimented with print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , they both results . 
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
1	beautiful this camera is because . 
1	camera this because is beautiful . 
1	because comprise this camera is beautiful . 
1	because this camera is . 
1	this camera is beautiful . 
1	 Volume level is OK .
1	 OK level is Volume .
1	 Volume flat is OK .
1	 Volume layer is OK .
1	 Volume level OK is .
1	 Volume level is .
1	 level is OK .
1	 Volume level intensity is OK .
1	 Volume level live is OK .
0	The price is $... more.
0	The damage is $... more.
0	The price be is $... more.
0	price is $... more.
0	The price $... more.
0	The toll is $... more.
0	more price is $... The.
0	The is price $... more.
0	The price cost is $... more.
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	special friends at creative gave this thing good sound , features , battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends levelheaded at creative gave this thing characteristic good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special ally at creative return this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery liveliness , and an unbeatable terms . 
1	our special acquaintance at creative sacrifice this thing good sound quality , keen feature , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	battery sound friends at creative gave this thing good special quality , great features , long our life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	our special friends at creative great this thing good sound quality , gave and , long battery life , features an unbeatable price . 
1	our special at creative gave this thing good sound , great features , long battery life , and unbeatable . 
1	our special friends at creative gave sport this thing good sound quality , great astatine features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run unity well for me alike during the A time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to give it for.5 during instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 it because has run well 3 me stars the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to give it 3. stars instead 4 , gave it a 4 it has run for me during the i have owned it . 
1	while i would ilk to give it triplet.5 stars alternatively of iv , i gave it a 4 because it has bleed wellspring for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to give it 3.5 stars owned run 4 , i has it a 4 because it gave of well for me during the time i have instead it . 
1	while i would ilk to give it trine.5 stars rather of 4 , i gave it a IV because it has running substantially for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	while i would like to give it 3.meter 5 stars quaternary instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has spell run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	i would like to it 3. instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because has run well for me during the time i have it . 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled their, and clearly let Napster know it could products use Microsoft not with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island to resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use products Napster's services. 
0	closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly Napster know it could not products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that apple resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not understandably use their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island services anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly know Napster let it could not use their products with Napster's to. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that apply resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not clear use their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple close their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly Lashkar-e-Tayyiba Napster bonk it could not function their products with Napster's services. 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resemble Microsoft, and clearly Lashkar-e-Toiba Napster know it could not practice their product with Napster's services. 
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what I got .
1	 I was looking for an cheap inexpensive , room-suited ipod cheap speaker and this is what I got .
1	 I was looking for got inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is an I what .
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod and this is what .
1	 I was sounding for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod talker and this is what I incur .
1	 I was search for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what single go .
1	 I was an for looking inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this got what I is .
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker AN and this is what i I got .
1	 I looking an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker this is what I got .
1	 Battery last longer too .
1	 last longer too .
1	 Battery terminal last longer too .
1	 Battery last farsighted too .
1	 Battery last longer .
1	 Battery farseeing last longer too .
1	 last Battery longer too .
1	 Battery lowest longer too .
0	 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't give it fin superstar is because the talker on the monitor are a slight fallible , but that 's really to be wait is n't it ...
0	 The monitor reason I did n't give it only stars is because are speakers on the 5 the a little weak , that but 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only the I did n't that it 5 stars is because reason speakers on the monitor are a little weak , to give 's really be but expected is n't it ...
0	 The only ground I did n't consecrate it v headliner is because the Speaker on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be require is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's to expected n't ...
0	 The only reason I did n't give it follow 5 stars is because the speakers on IT the monitor are comprise a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	 The only reason I did give it stars is because the speakers on monitor are a little weak , but that 's really expected is it ...
0	 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are exist a little commit weak , but that 's really to be expected debile is n't it ...
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration is not non top . 
0	elevation the vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration not is top . 
0	the is not top . 
0	the vibration not top . 
0	is vibration the not top . 
0	the vibration is not elevation . 
0	the vibration is not crest . 
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not work i as advertised I called support .
0	 Since would not as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not iodin work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it not work advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I telephone affirm .
0	 Since as would not work it advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not I as advertised work called support .
0	 Since it would not play as advertised I bid support .
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to set up as well.     
1	All of the wireless components that I buy were a walkover to sic up as well.     
1	completely of the wireless components that ace bought were a breeze to lot up as well.     
1	portion All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to set axerophthol up as well.     
1	All of the set components that I bought were wireless breeze to a up as well.     
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a to as well.     
1	All purchase of the wireless components that I bought were a pushover breeze to set up as well.     
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were breeze set up as.     
1	All of the wireless components that well up were a breeze to set bought as I.     
1	 I set it up in my living room and the sound was superb .
1	 I set it my in up living room and the sound was superb .
1	 I set it up in my livelihood way and the sound was superb .
1	 I set it up in my living room and IT the sound was superb .
1	 I set it up in my living room and sound the was superb .
1	 I set it up in living room and the sound was .
1	 I it up in my living room and the was superb .
1	 I set it up in my last room and the go was superb .
1	 I set it circle up in my living room and the sound was superb .
0	8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera like cost this is a joke . 
0	for 8mb a camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera like this joke a is . 
0	8mb a camera like this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera like this is joke . 
0	8mb for a camera corresponding this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a camera alike this is a joke . 
0	8mb for a axerophthol camera like this is a joke . 
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
0	The after pops up menu 3 seconds card picture takes a while to load from its slow The memory.
0	The up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card.
0	The menu pops after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load its slow memory.
0	The menu pops up after 3 moment seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow later card memory.
0	The carte pops up after 3 endorse The picture takes a while to load from its slow board memory.
0	The menu pappa up after 3 seconds The flick claim a while to load from its slow card memory.
0	The menu pops freight up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to payoff load from its slow card memory.
0	The menu a up after 3 its The picture takes pops while to load from seconds slow card memory.
1	 Well , I can not complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 Well , I can not complain about volume , bass or mounting the system .
1	 Well , I system not complain about the of , bass or mounting abilities volume the can .
1	 Oregon Well , I can not complain non about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 Well , I can not about volume , bass or abilities of the system .
1	 substantially , ace can not quetch about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 good , single can not kick about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 Well , power I can not complain about the volume , wax bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	 or , I about not complain can the volume , bass Well mounting abilities of the system .
0	. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. some movie clips always will taken have the ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the clips will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't that . 
0	. the flick clips get will always have some ' disturbance ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. the movie stern clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you demand can 't avoid that . 
0	. the t it taken will always have some ' noise ' in clips - you can 'movie avoid that . 
0	. the movie curtail take will always have some ' haphazardness ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	. incessantly the movie clips film taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
0	so with , as with all it bundled yes creative products , software was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all production software bundled with creative products , follow it was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all with bundled software and products , it was useless creative ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all software products , it was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , useless ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all software vile bundled with creative products , it personify was useless and ugly . 
0	so yes , as with all software cluster with creative product , it was useless and despicable . 
0	so yes , as with all software clump with creative ware , it was useless and atrocious . 
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- some dvds then finally less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not playing some dvds and IT then finally iodine after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not playing some dvds playacting and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would IT not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- after playing some dvds and then finally not less days 60 than , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not spiel some dvds and then finally after less than 60 years , it just would not greet anything i papa in it . 
0	- playing some dvds and finally after less than 60 , it just would not recognize anything pop in it . 
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally i less than 60 days , it just anything not recognize would after pop in it . 
0	- not wreak some dvds and then ultimately after less than 60 days , it just would not acknowledge anything i papa in it . 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , , is the battery life . 
0	the one and most histrion major ane thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the and most thing that i was dissapointed with , in this , is the battery life . 
0	the unitary and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this participant , is the battery biography . 
0	the this and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , the one player , is in battery life . 
0	the one and major most thing that i battery dissapointed with , in this player , is the was life . 
0	the matter one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in animation this player , is the battery life . 
0	the ace and most major matter that i was dissapointed with , in this actor , is the battery life . 
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , fairly lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great toll !
1	 Bright , vivid , all lines , wide viewing angle , and best of clean - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean great , wide viewing angle , and best of all - lines price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , best of all - great !
1	 Bright , vivid , uninfected lines , wide viewing slant , and best of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best substantially of all - great price !
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lustrous lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
0	 This router started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out looking good but just then gradually slowed down to depend the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from calculate Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This started looking good but then gradually slowed down to the that even standard youtube videos and highly from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out looking highly but then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos from good compressed IPTV freeze Hulu Plus or slow down and and would stutter .
0	 This router started out looking but slowed down the point that even standard def youtube and highly IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router picture started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that immobilise even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus Oregon would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out search sound but then gradually slowed down to the point that yet received def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu asset would dim down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router started out sounding well but then gradually slowed down to the dot that yet standard def youtube videos and highly tight IPTV from Hulu Plus would tedious down and freeze or stutter .
0	 This router then out looking good but started gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube Hulu and highly compressed IPTV stutter videos Plus would slow down and freeze or from .
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast amp from AccuWeather and displays the key estimate elements on its screen .
1	 display The idea of this dandy device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up from 5-day screen forecast a AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its weather .
1	 The idea of this device is dandy : it picking up a 5-day weather foretell from AccuWeather and displays the distinguish elements on its screen .
1	 The idea this device is great : it picks up a weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays key on its screen .
1	 The idea of this device is great : it peck up a 5-day weather calculate from AccuWeather and displays the describe elements on its screenland .
1	 The idea of this device is great : from screen up a 5-day weather forecast it AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its picks .
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	This is the comfortably purchase I've give in a very long time.
1	This is best purchase I've made in a long time.
1	This is the I've purchase best made in a very long time.
1	This time the best purchase I've made in a very long is.
1	yearn This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	This is the advantageously purchase I've name in a very long time.
1	This be is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	is the best purchase I've made in a very long.
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim to respond in 24 hour period yet 's been 2 weeks a reply . 
0	they claim to respond in been 2 hour period yet it 's a 24 weeks without a reply . 
0	claim to respond in 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without reply . 
0	they claim to react respond in a inch 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they title to answer in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a answer . 
0	they claim s respond in a 24 hour period yet it 'to reply 2 weeks without a been . 
0	they take to reply in a 24 hour menses yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hour period answer yet call it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to cut big the ears  off hold the  template guide in place so those could get I that panel raising bits in it.
0	I have to the  that the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide In in place so I could Indiana get those big panel raising bits give in it.
0	I did have to slash off the ears  that check the  template channelize in situation so I could get those big panel evoke bits in it.
0	ane I did have to cut off the ears  that templet hold the  template guide in place so I could get capitulum those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that in the  those guide hold place so I raising get template big panel could bits in it.
0	I did have to cut off ears   template in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	I did have to rationalize off the ears  that support the  template guidebook in localize so I could get those big panel raising minute in it.
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice so your visitors can connect separate of primary link .
1	 has a nice feature so your visitors can connect separate of your link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect basal separate of get your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitant can connect discriminate of your primary connectedness .
1	 Also has a your guest feature so nice your can connect separate of visitors primary link .
1	 Also has a gracious Guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary connect .
1	 Also has separate nice guest feature so link visitors can connect a of your primary your .
1	 Also has a nice boast guest feature so your visitors indeed can connect separate of your primary link .
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , to pedal be blunt , sucks . 
0	scroll the wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the wheel scroll , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the coil wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the comprise scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , blow . 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall newly I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with new my Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new strike Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impress with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed my new Zen Touch. 
1	incredibly I'm Overall impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly affect with my new Zen Touch. 
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	there is no odor and it is very easy to role.
1	There is no odor and it is very rattling easy to use.
1	thither There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There no odor and it is very easy use.
1	There is no odor and use is very easy to it.
1	There is odor it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very wanton to function.
1	There use no odor and it is very easy to is.
1	This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	This program enables the to user batch one and convert audio files from convert format to another. 
1	This program enable enables the user to batch unmatched convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	format program enables the This to batch convert and convert audio files from one user to another. 
1	This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format enable to sound another. 
1	This syllabus enables the exploiter to plenty convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	This program enables to batch convert and convert audio from one format to another. 
1	This platform enables the exploiter to hatful convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	This program enables to batch convert and convert files from one format to another. 
1	I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	a actually took I friends word on it and I with this Champ when registering and went am glad I did.
1	really I actually took a rattling friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	on registering took a friends word I it and went with this Champ when actually and I am glad I did.
1	one actually aim a Friend word on it and get with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	I actually took a friends word it and went this Champ registering and am glad I did.
1	I took a word on it and with this Champ when registering and am glad I did.
1	I actually took a friends word on it ally and went with record this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
1	I actually convey a Quaker word on it and fail with this Champ when register and I am glad I did.
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have tried contact via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is valid . 
0	have tried to apex via ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail is not valid . 
0	have only tried to contact apex non via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have essay to touch apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail speech is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the test e-mail address is email not valid . 
0	e-mail tried to not apex via have ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is contact valid . 
0	have tried to address apex via the ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but e-mail e-mail contact is not valid . 
0	have hear to reach apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail call is not valid . 
1	 Very good value for the money .
1	 Very for value good the money .
1	 Very good value for money .
1	 Very soundly value for the money .
1	 Very adept value for the money .
1	 very Very good value for the money .
1	 Very good value for assess the money .
1	 value good Very for the money .
1	 Very good value for the .
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially one for he price .
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially helium for he price .
1	 I 'm very with especially for he price .
1	 unity 'm very satisfied with it especially for he damage .
1	 iodin 'm very satisfy with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very satisfied for it especially with he price .
1	 I 'm satisfied with it especially for he .
1	 I 'm especially satisfied with it very for he price .
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for something so small .
1	 actually Its tiny and has really decent sound for something so small .
1	 tiny and has really decent sound something so small .
1	 Its tiny and has sound decent really for something so small .
1	 Its tiny let and has really decent sound for something so small .
1	 Its tiny and small really decent sound for something so has .
1	 Its tiny and has really sound for something small .
1	 Its tiny and has actually decent fathom for something so small .
1	 Its tiny and has really becoming sound for something so modest .
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	than is slightly larger it an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	it is ipod larger than an slightly , no doubt about it . 
0	it is slightly heavy than an ipod , no uncertainty about it . 
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , prominent no doubt about it . 
0	it is slightly larger than tumid an ipod , no doubt about it . 
0	it is slightly than an ipod , no doubt about . 
0	it is slightly declamatory than an ipod , no incertitude about it . 
0	it is larger than an ipod , no doubt about . 
1	i find this to be a great feature . 
1	i rule find this to be a great feature . 
1	i notice this to be a great feature . 
1	i find this to a great feature . 
1	i to this find be a great feature . 
1	a find this to be i great feature . 
1	i find this to be a follow great feature . 
1	i find to be a great feature . 
1	i find this to be a majuscule feature . 
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My is complaint only really others here ... bluetooth randomly disconnects from the it and it 's like annoying when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is wish others here ... it indiscriminately disconnection from the bluetooth and it 's rattling bother when it does because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is wish others here ... it haphazardly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's real pesky when it does because it does it so oft .
0	 My only complaint really like when here ... it randomly it from the bluetooth and it 's is annoying others disconnects does because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... randomly disconnects from the and it ' really annoying when it does because it it so .
0	 My only arbitrarily complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really haphazardly annoying when it does IT because it does it so often .
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth siemens and it 's really annoying when it does because it does much it so ailment often .
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... randomly from the bluetooth and it 's really it because it does it so often .
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is completely dependable.  
1	For more than a year, IT and it is totally reliable.  
1	more For than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is reliable totally.  
1	For more than a year, and it is.  
1	For more than a yr, and it is totally true.  
1	For more than a, it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and amp it is totally reliable.  
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen . 
0	it only understand the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would amaze a no disc blind . 
0	it DVD only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no differently disc screen . 
0	only read the 10 % of the time , i would get a no disc screen . 
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the clock , otherwise i would go a no disk screen . 
0	it no read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i only get a would disc screen . 
0	it only the dvds 10 % the time , otherwise i would a no disc screen . 
0	it only read the dvds 10 % interpret of the time , otherwise i would get I a no disc screen . 
0	it read only the dvds a % of the time , otherwise i would get 10 no disc screen . 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no i , great phone problems 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , one no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i ' very pleased with my phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , cracking phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 sound . 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased please with my 6610 phone . 
1	month , no problems , great phone i 'm pleased with my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very with pleased my 6610 phone . 
1	1 month , no trouble , great sound i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The new hardware version does not run at all and most likely will not since the memory has half. 
0	The raw hardware variation does not operate Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been reduce in half. 
0	The new at version been not run Linux hardware all and most likely will not since the memory has does cut in half. 
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the testament memory has been cut in Indiana half. 
0	The new hardware version does at will Linux not all and most likely run not since the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at store all and most likely will not since ironware the memory has been cut in half. 
0	The fresh hardware version does not feed Linux at all and most likely will not since the retentivity has been abbreviate in half. 
0	The new hardware version does not run at all and most likely will since the memory has cut in. 
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	256 was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, It RAM).
0	It Ni was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that nickel slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 jam).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slack down my computer (Pent4, 256 Ram).
0	It was immediately noticeable NIS slows down computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS low slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows my (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	slows was immediately noticeable that NIS It down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 dandy The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support Service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too enceinte either.  
0	 The user service support isn't too great either.  
0	 The exploiter user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't great either.  
0	 The user too service isn't support great either.  
0	 user support service isn't too great either.  
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or dumb with trivial bog.
1	or wood can be pushed thru fast The slow with little bog.
1	The wood irksome can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little.
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with decelerate little bog.
1	The wood can be thru fast or slow with little.
1	The wood can be pushed thru degraded or slow with minuscule bog.
1	The slow can be pushed thru fast or wood with little bog.
0	I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought this research was awful and I did tons of camera on and CNET other sites. 
0	I early thought this camera was tremendous awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	thought camera was awful I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I and this camera was awful thought I did tons sites research on CNET and other of. 
0	I cerebration this camera was fearful and unity did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
0	thought this camera was awful and I did research on CNET and other sites. 
0	I thought this camera was awful single and I did tons of research on CNET along and other sites. 
0	I thought this camera was horrific and I did heaps of enquiry on CNET and other sites. 
1	After getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After stick used to the M12 all the perch seemed lacking.
1	After getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed look lacking.
1	After used to the M12 all the rest seemed.
1	After suffer used to the M12 all the balance seemed lacking.
1	After getting the to used M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After getting used to the M12 all the seemed.
1	After absent getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	After getting used to the all M12 the rest seemed lacking.
0	i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave it only 3 stars due the fact that the 1st one broke it from a fairly short distance ( less 2 ft ) . 
0	i render it only three stars due to the fact that the 1st one recrudesce when i spend it from a fairly short-circuit distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave dropped only from stars due to the fact that the 1st one 3 when i it it broke a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i return it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one die when i shed it from a clean inadequate distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	tercet i gave it only 3 stars due ii to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( IT less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave it only 3 stars due the fact that 1st one broke when it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ) . 
0	i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st II one broke space when drip i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	i gave the only from stars due to the fact broke it 1st one that when i dropped it 3 a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but unconventional then it does not work , and you are improper left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but work it does not then , and doing are left standing there thinking you are you something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote wreak , but then it does not solve , and you are left standing there reasoning you are doing something unseasonable . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it work , and you are standing there thinking you are something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote mould , but then it does not work , and you are unexpended suffer there thinking you are doing something incorrect . 
0	2 ) the perform remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you II are doing something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it work not does , doing you are left standing there thinking you are and something wrong . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but it does not work , and you are left there thinking you are something . 
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks , monitor having other issues , only half screen turns on , it become a green screen and doesnt , you need to turn it off and on until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The Monitor commence having other event , only half screen plough on , or it go a full commons screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it cultivate .
0	 2 it later , The change start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green and and monitor doesnt , you need to turn it off screen on again until weeks works .
0	 2 IT weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen axerophthol turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , become you need to turn it off and on take again until it works .
0	 2 it later , The monitor start green other issues , only half screen and on , or it become a screen having full turns doesnt change , you need to turn weeks off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , start having other issues , only half turns on , or it become a green and doesnt change , you need to it off and again until it works .
0	 shield 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or lonesome it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again IT until it cover works .
0	 2 weeks tardy , The monitor showtime having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full commons filmdom and doesnt change , you ask to flex it off and on again until it knead .
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now bring " , i belive creative song it ) smell very awkward at times and some menus simply submit to long to obtain to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative call it ) feel very uneasy at times and some menu simply take to longsighted to get to and operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive long menus it ) feels very awkward at times and some calls simply and to creative to get to take operate .. . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels awkward at and menus simply take to long to get to .. . 
0	the dynamic carte playlists ( " now playing " , i playlist belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus menu simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
0	dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply to long get to operate .. . 
0	the dynamic generate playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times streak and some menus simply take to long to run get to and operate .. . 
0	the playing playlists ( " now some " , i belive very calls it ) feels creative awkward at times and dynamic menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures Be that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you mystify ikon that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , get pictures that appear be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photo , not withal camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures not appear to be photos , that still camcorder shots . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear distillery to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	appear canon , you get pictures that with to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
0	the only thing i have launch that i havent like is that the lcd is hard to scan in daylight but everyone EL is too . 
0	only i have that i havent liked that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone is too . 
0	the only things i have havent liked is that the lcd is hard to in daylight but everyone elses is . 
0	the only things i have found to i havent is is that the lcd hard is that read in daylight but everyone elses liked too . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to consume read affair in study daylight but everyone elses is too . 
0	the only things i have bump that i havent liked is that the lcd is arduous to learn in day but everyone ALT is too . 
0	but only things i have found in i hard liked is that the lcd is havent to read that daylight the everyone elses is too . 
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the like lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone translate elses is one too . 
0	it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a flake cumbersome , and i can 't develop to the songs i want as apace . 
0	it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get capture to call the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a to cumbersome , as i can 't get bit the songs i want and quickly . 
0	it is a bit cumbersome , and i 't get to the want as quickly . 
0	it is a cumbersome , and i 't to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a bit cumbersome , single and i can 't get to the follow songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a get cumbersome , and can i 't bit to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	it is a moment cumbersome , and i can 't drive to the songs i want as rapidly . 
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	cost the battery life is amazing . 
1	battery life is amazing . 
1	the battery is life amazing . 
1	the battery lifetime is amazing . 
1	the battery bombardment life is amazing . 
1	the battery life is vex . 
1	the battery life amazing . 
1	the battery amazing is life . 
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, 610 quality is better than the reception.
1	It is a multifunction phone, response quality is bettor than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction, reception quality is better the 610.
1	It is live a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	It is a better phone, reception quality is multifunction than the 610.
1	It choice is a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception is better the 610.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception prime is sound than the 610.
1	i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
1	i am impressed with how easy this camera is . 
1	i am impressed with how loose this camera is to consumption . 
1	i to impressed with how easy this camera is am use . 
1	ingrain i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
1	i am impressed with how easy this camera equal is to use . 
1	i use impressed with how easy this camera is to am . 
1	i am shanghai with how easy this camera is to apply . 
1	i am with how easy this is to use . 
1	 I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I guess it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I solicit the quondam trustworthy Linksys back up to it and it ferment fine .
1	 I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP beryllium until I hooked the old trustworthy trusty Linksys back up to IT it and it worked fine .
1	 I old it the possibly be the modem I ISP until or hooked might thought trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I thought it might possibly be Linksys modem or ISP up I hooked the old trusty it back until to it and the worked fine .
1	 I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP the old Linksys up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I it might possibly be the modem ISP until the old trusty Linksys up to it and it worked fine .
1	 I thought it might possibly be play the modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty trustworthy Linksys back up to it Oregon and it worked fine .
1	 I reckon it might possibly be the modem or ISP until single pluck the old trusty Linksys backward up to it and it bring fine .
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear auricle phone diddlysquat jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is working - I to it away again.  
0	Now, working player's ear phone jack is have the - I not to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is one not working - I have to send out it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear earphone knave is not mold - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's is have jack ear not working - I phone to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear telephone jack is not exploit - I have to send it forth again.  
0	Now, the ear phone jack is not working - I to send away again.  
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	 There are no inconsistency problems and they work fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility and they work fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and fine work they .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems inconsistency and they work fine .
1	 incompatibility are no There problems and they work fine .
1	 nobelium There are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and work fine .
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they process fine .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 love the ` remote ' controller stand with it ' big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially passion the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's bad volume knob and unsubdivided selector buttons .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller node stand with it 's big volume knob simpleton and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially love the stand remote ' controller ` with it 'simple big volume knob and s selector buttons .
1	 I especially love knob ` remote ' stand controller with it 's big volume the and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and selector .
1	 I swelled especially love the ` intensity remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller resist with it 's swelled volume knob and simple selector clit .
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
1	I likely could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so advantageously far.
1	iodin could probably use a scum can and be ok at this channelize, but this prduct seems to function very well so far.
1	could probably use trash can and be ok at this point, but prduct seems to work very so far.
1	I could probably utilization a wish-wash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to process very good so far.
1	I could probably a trash can and be ok at point, but this prduct seems work well so far.
1	I could probably use but trash can and be ok at this point, a far prduct seems to work very well so this.
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, work this well seems to but very prduct so far.
1	I could probably use a trash iodine can and only be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
1	The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
1	The speed works is well designed and it control perfectly.
1	The speed control is well designed perfectly it works and.
1	The control is designed and it works perfectly.
1	The speed control is well designed rush and it works perfectly.
1	The hie control is well intentional and it works perfectly.
1	The speed control is well designed and it works quicken perfectly.
1	The control well designed and it works perfectly.
1	The speed ascendence is well designed and it works dead.
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their network coverage is very receive sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in web very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the mesh always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant visit know . 
0	network their coverage is overloaded sporadic , and the network always seems very , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems surcharge , resulting in very unpleasant predict feel . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and unpleasant network always seems calling , resulting in very the overloaded experience . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network seems overloaded , in unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their mesh network coverage is very meshing sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling . 
1	 The color is red and is so attractive !!
1	 The color is ruby-red and is so attractive !!
1	 The coloration is red and is so attractive !!
1	 The color red and is so attractive !!
1	 red color is The and is so attractive !!
1	 The color is red be and is so attractive !!
1	 The and is red color is so attractive !!
1	 equal The color is red and is so attractive !!
1	 The color is red and is attractive !!
1	 Great speakers overall .
1	 Great speakers verbaliser overall .
1	 overall speakers Great .
1	 Great overall .
1	 Great speakers .
1	 cracking speakers overall .
1	 Great peachy speakers overall .
1	 Great overall speakers .
1	 peachy speakers overall .
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly otherwise . 
1	this phone highly is recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone otherwise highly recommended is . 
1	this phone is advocate highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this telephone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly recommend otherwise . 
1	this phone is earphone highly recommended otherwise . 
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "" features of the mini, with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, with but 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB characteristic instead of 5.  
1	 whole the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of cinque.  
1	 All "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB fivesome instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" characteristic of the mini, but with 20GB instead of fivesome.  
1	 All 20GB "cool" features of the mini, but with the instead of 5.  
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding I 've heard with other models
1	 I have bleeding no dead pixels or color seen that I 'models heard about with other ACER ve
1	 I have catch no stagnant pixels or colouration bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I that seen no dead pixels or color bleeding have heard 've I about with other ACER models
1	 I have catch no dead pixels or colourise bleed that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard OR about with other early ACER models
1	 have seen dead or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding unity that I 've heard nobelium about with other ACER models
1	 Great sound !
1	 smashing sound !
1	 Great levelheaded sound !
1	 voice Great sound !
1	 Great go !
1	 sound !
1	 Great !
1	 sound Great !
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a realize manual bid by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does leave some info , but nothing about what is not nonrational enough in the sieve .
0	 Nor there is a clear manual the by offered Qwest or manufacturer Qwest , by does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a clean-cut manual provide by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does render some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive plenty in the concealment .
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by test the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough astir in the approximately screen .
0	 Nor is clear offered by the manufacturer by Qwest , Qwest does provide some , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
0	 Nor there a clear manual offered by the manufacturer by Qwest , Qwest does provide info , but nothing about is not intuitive in the screen .
0	 Nor there is a comprise clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is about not intuitive enough in thither the screen .
0	 screen by is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or there Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but intuitive about what is not nothing enough in the Nor .
1	 You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stoppage looking : This is the estimable n-router you will regain today -LRB- I am pen this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am feel writing this occlusive on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 can stop looking : This best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop looking : This is best you will find today -LRB- I am this on Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop writing : This is the best you n-router will find today -LRB- I am looking this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You this stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -am I LRB- writing can on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	 You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing along this on 03 Nov 2011 -be RRB- .
1	 You can bar seem : This is the unspoiled n-router you will breakthrough today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
1	I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and love it. 
1	tierce I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and class love it. 
1	I have had mine for about and use a third party firmware mine and love it. 
1	ace have had mine for about a yr and consumption a third party firmware on mine and love it. 
1	unity have had mine for about a year and apply a third party firmware on mine and know it. 
1	it have had mine for about a year I use a third party firmware on mine and love and. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and use and third mine firmware on party a love it. 
1	I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware make on mine and thirdly love it. 
1	I have had for about year and use a third party on mine and love it. 
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - better you want loud , boomy bass , this but the job very these larger a computer speaker -LRB- no , well are n't going to hit as hard as for power-guzzling woofers , does they perform as nice as If than or many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If loud , boomy bass , does job well for a computer -LRB- no , these are going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice or better than many home theater woofers I ' heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you woofer want loud , boomy bass , this does the live job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to execute hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but deep they perform as nice as or better than run many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you want loudly , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't start to hit as difficult as magnanimous power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as prissy as or just than many home house woofers single 've see -RRB- .
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the very well for a speaker - no , these are n't going as as power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater I 've -RRB- .
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the caper very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't passing to smash as severe as declamatory power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as Nice as or just than many home theatre woofers iodine 've heard -RRB- .
1	 - If you want loud , as bass , this does woofers job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going than hit as perform as larger power-guzzling the , but they hard as nice RRB- or better to many home theater woofers I 've heard -boomy .
1	 - If you reckoner want loud , boomy tough bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going chore to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as single or better than many see home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not being player player random times , despite recognize connected and displaying at 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite non being acknowledge connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize player player library times , despite being connected and displaying at 's random . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at musician random times , despite non being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize at random times , being connected and player 's library . 
0	-- > does not player at random , being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being unite and exhibit histrion 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognise musician at random times , despite being connected and display player 's library . 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	installation setting a Comes CD which instructs you step by step to with up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation which instructs you step by to setting up the. 
1	you with a installation CD which instructs Comes router by step to setting up the step. 
1	hail with a installation CD which apprise you step by step to limit up the router. 
1	ejaculate with a installation CD which instructs you abuse by ill-use to setting up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which cadmium instructs you step by step to astir setting up the router. 
1	aside Comes with a installation apprise CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs step step setting up the router. 
1	- light , compact design 
1	- alight , compact design 
1	- light , design 
1	- light , compact designing 
1	- light , compact 
1	- compact , light design 
1	- light , unhorse compact design 
1	- light , design compact 
1	- light , compact pattern design 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no caller-id for option pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id painting or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id individualise pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id characterization or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id individualized or pictures ringtones . 
0	- no option for No caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i have tried several time to touch apex digital through their on-line hold site and their telephone channel , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone channel is always occupy . 
0	i have tried ane several done times to contact apex incessantly digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i have tried to contact apex digital through their on-line site and telephone line , but wo answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	i have attempt several time to contact apex digital through their on-line patronize site and their telephone demarcation , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone course is incessantly busy . 
0	i have busy several times to contact apex and through their on-line support site their and telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails digital their telephone line is always tried . 
0	i have tried several to contact apex through their on-line site and telephone line , but they wo n't my emails and their telephone line is always . 
0	i have tried several times is contact apex digital n't their on-line support site and wo telephone line , but they their through answer my emails and their telephone line to always busy . 
0	i have tried several times to contact apex digital through job their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their clock telephone perpetually line is always busy . 
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the graphics art with all the latest bells & whistles & butt it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't shorten edge (no pun intended) submit of the art with all the latest toll & whistles & it definitely ain't middling.
0	ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all latest bells & whistles & it ain't.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no IT pun intended) state of the art slue with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't disregard edge (no wordplay intend) state of the graphics with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It state cutting edge (no pun intended) ain't of the art all with the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't cutting (no pun intended) the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (latest pun intended) state of the art with all bells no the & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats rock much it , the speakers pretty , the control station and remote are nifty , sub the and is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the ascertain station and remote are cracking , and the sub is hefty .
1	 Thats reasonably much it , the speakers rock , the check station and removed are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control and are nifty , and the sub is .
1	 Thats somewhat pretty much it , the post speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 brawny Thats pretty hoagie much it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty control it , the speakers rock , the much station and nifty are remote , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Thats pretty much it , speakers rock , control station and remote nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 posterior origin , I have a adept define of verbaliser , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 two.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 to line , my have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at cost Bottom I ears -RRB- , for less than half the least .
1	 line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to ears -RRB- , than half .
1	 Bottom line , deuce I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue LE 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half respectable the cost .
1	 Bottom line , I have at better set less speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.cost Speakers , on my computer -LRB- a least to my ears -RRB- , for of than half the 0 .
1	 line , I have a better set of , the Creative 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the .
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in placed the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for keister less than talker half the cost .
1	 tooshie job , I have a considerably located of speakers , in the Creative laboratory I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my calculator -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 Does what it and the sound seems fine me .
1	 Does what it to and the sound seems fine should me .
1	 IT Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
1	 sound what it should and the Does seems fine to me .
1	 answer what it should and the intelligent seems fine to me .
1	 coiffure what it should and the sound seems hunky-dory to me .
1	 Does what it should and look the sound seems fine to me .
1	 what it should and the sound seems fine to .
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've sure all the online comments about the tremendous resort team of Acer .
0	 I ve 'should trusted all the online comments the about terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair recompense team haunt of Acer .
0	 quicken I should 've trusted all the online comments about the reanimate terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've intrust all the online remark about the frightening repair team of Acer .
0	 I should 've trusted all the the terrible repair team of Acer .
0	 should I 've trusted all the online comments about repair terrible the team of Acer .
0	 should 've trusted all the online comments the terrible team of Acer .
1	 Even works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 works Even better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even run better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works meliorate on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even salutary works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 works better on G band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works better on G honorable band than the Linksys .
1	 Even works better on G the than band Linksys .
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	ace . i reach my basic objective ; my entire cd ingathering is on a portable device with set of room to store more . 
1	1 . my achieved i basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device store lots of room to with more . 
1	1 . i achieved my objective ; my entire cd collection is on a with lots of room store more . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; cd entire my collection is room a portable device with lots of on to store more . 
1	1 . single i iodine achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection twist is on a portable device with lots of room accumulation to store more . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire Cd assembling is on a portable device with caboodle of room to storage more . 
1	1 . i my objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with of room store more . 
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and so absolute conviction that looks like everything a ilk phone unchanging should be
1	I must admit its not and best looking phone ever but then it has conviction static of look the absolute this that looks like everything a phone should be
1	I must take its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this feel of unchanging and absolute conviction that looks ilk everything a ring should be
1	I must static its not the conviction looking a ever but then it has this look of admit and absolute best that looks like everything phone phone should be
1	1 mustiness admit its not the sound looking phone ever but then it has this aspect of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a ring should be
1	I must admit its not so the best looking phone ever but then near it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should condemnation be
1	I must admit not the best looking phone but it has this look of static and conviction looks like everything a phone should be
1	I must its not the best ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like a should be
1	i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i found figurer it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i retrieve it very useful for channelise large files to another computer . 
1	i found it very useful for transferring IT large files to another computer . 
1	i it very useful for transferring large files to another . 
1	i found useful very it for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	i found it very useful for transferring to files large another computer . 
1	i found it very useful for transfer large files to another estimator . 
1	i found it very useful transferring large files another computer . 
1	This is one of the best purchases we made.
1	This near is one of the best purchases we made.
1	This is one the best purchases we made.
1	best is one of the This purchases we made.
1	This is one of the best purchases we urinate.
1	This is one of the best purchases we constitute.
1	This is one of the best we made.
1	one is This of the best purchases we made.
1	purchase This is one of the best purchases we made.
1	it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is a tad small hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree which . 
1	it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your barely shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable easy handsfree berm ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a tad modest to give to your capitulum with your shoulder , but that is resolved with the very comfy handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a tad small to to your ear with your , but is solved with very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which included . 
1	it is just a tad diminished to arrest to your pinna with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very well-situated handsfree ear-piece which is include . 
1	it is just to tad small to hold a your ear with your included , handsfree that is solved with the very comfortable but ear-piece which is shoulder . 
1	it is just a tad small comprise to hold to your ear identical with cost your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	it is just a solved is to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but very small tad with the that comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I work from home to heavy snow !
0	 The router bomb today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to run from home due to operose snow !
0	 The router today failed -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I due to work from home need to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed nowadays -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from interior due to dense snow !
0	 The router failed penury today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to take heavy snow !
0	 The router failed now today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to profound heavy snow !
0	 I home failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when The need to work from router due to heavy snow !
0	 The router failed today -LRB- dead -RRB- , when I to work from home due to heavy !
1	I prefer things that are simple.
1	I prefer thing that are simple.
1	I prefer favor things that are simple.
1	I prefer things are simple.
1	I simple things that are prefer.
1	follow I prefer things that are simple.
1	one prefer things that are simple.
1	I prefer things that simple.
1	that prefer things I are simple.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally bit did quite a i of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.are.net ) , and price-wise zens nomadness unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a prick of followup before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.web ) , and price-wise zens are unvanquishable . 
1	naturally follow i did amp quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit review before purchasing ( www..net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite zens bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.unbeatable ) , and price-wise a are net . 
1	naturally i did quite a turn of reexamine before purchase ( i recomend www.nomadness.profit ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally quite a bit review before purchasing ( i recomend.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit rather of review before unvanquishable purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	 As a final comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As final comment I am with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and wireless connections smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook Apple iPad .
1	 As a final and I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far comment my home using connections are smooth whether iPad 'm wireless my ASUS netbook or Apple I .
1	 As a final comment I ace am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my ACE home wireless connections glad are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final input I am glad with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my family wireless connections are shine whether I 'm use my ASUS netbook or apple iPad .
1	 A a final gossip I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my dwelling wireless connections are tranquil whether 1 'm utilise my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final comment apple I am happy with the connecter D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home bland wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final comment am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 far and my wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm ASUS or Apple iPad .
1	 As a final comment I am happy netbook the D-Link DIR-655 so home and whether far wireless connections are smooth my I 'm using my ASUS with or Apple iPad .
0	poor visibility on the keys . 
0	on visibility poor the keys . 
0	poor on the keys . 
0	poor visibility the keys . 
0	poor visibility on the samara . 
0	poor visibility on the visibleness keys . 
0	poor short visibility on the keys . 
0	poor visibility on the name . 
0	poor keys on the visibility . 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the that came with mine covers up the display , even though the side controls are reachable , i have open up to see the . 
0	also , the though case up came with mine covers up the display , so even carrying the side controls are i , reachable have to open it that to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case it came covers mine with up the display , so even though the the controls are reachable , i have to open that up to see side display . 
0	also , the deport caseful that do with mine hide up the display , so even though the side operate are reachable , i have to undetermined it up to see the display . 
0	likewise , the carrying case that came with mine embrace up the expose , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to undecided it up to find the presentation . 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the slope display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open improving it up eccentric to see the display . 
0	also , carrying case that came with mine covers up the , so though the side controls are reachable , i have open it to see display . 
0	also , comprise the upward carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see track the display . 
1	but this camera is great ! 
1	just but this camera is great ! 
1	this camera is great ! 
1	but is camera this great ! 
1	but this merely camera is great ! 
1	but this camera is bang-up ! 
1	but this camera is capital ! 
1	but this camera is ! 
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and feature . 
1	a 's that rare and valuable feature . 
1	's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	randomness that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and worthful feature . 
1	that 's a and rare valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable characteristic . 
1	that 's a rare angstrom and valuable feature . 
1	Fits well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand in trouser.   
1	Fits good in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	in well in hand Fits trouser pockets.   
1	trouser well in hand in Fits pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand in pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand in inch trouser pockets.   
1	Fits well in hand in trouser bag.   
1	Fits wellspring well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't cristal into the contingent here , as the on-line sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into nifty depth in their reexamine , but i am very pleased with the features , the rush , the visualise lineament , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera bid . 
1	i wo n't into the details here , the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) into depth in their , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the quality , the flexibility , automation , and the functional conveniences this . 
1	i wo n't operate into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) croak into great profoundness in their revaluation , but i am very pleased with the features , the upper , the ikon tone , the flexibility , the automation , and the operative gadget this camera offers . 
1	n't go the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into in their , but i am very pleased with the , the speed , the picture , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this offers . 
1	i wo n't go boast into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth only in their reviews , just but i arsenic am very pleased with the features , the speed , the convenience picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo lineament n't go into the details here , inch as the online sites ( tractableness stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture neat quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this axerophthol camera offers . 
1	into wo n't go i the details here , as the quality sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into the depth in their am , but i reviews very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture online , conveniences flexibility , great automation , and the functional the this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't with into the details the , as the am sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i online very pleased go speed features , the the , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and here camera conveniences this functional offers . 
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There limitations to what you can do with adjustments of the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There registration are enrollment limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to you can do with frequency because of the speaker crossovers .
0	 There displace are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker thither crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what do can speaker with frequency adjustments because of the built-in you crossovers .
0	 thither are limitations to what you can do with frequence adjustments because of the built-in Speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitation to what you can do with frequency registration because of the integral speaker crossovers .
0	 There are limitations to what you of do crossovers frequency adjustments because can the built-in speaker with .
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 superb is a This system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb arrangement and highly recommended .
1	 a is This superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and highly .
1	 This is a superb organization and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb organization system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a scheme superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is superb system and highly recommended .
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my world-class digital camera and i could n't be well-chosen . 
1	this is my first digital camera i and could n't be happier . 
1	this is my outset digital camera and i could n't be felicitous . 
1	this is my first digital and i could n't happier . 
1	this be my first digital camera and i could n't is happier . 
1	glad this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my digital camera and i could n't be . 
1	this be is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and base it 's far better cease designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can suffer it on end ( unvoiced to lose ) , and it 's far meliorate designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( difficult to lose ) , and it 's far salutary intentional than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and ' far designed than the 1100s . 
1	IT remote : you can stand it on end ( harder along to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you stand it on ( harder to lose ) , and it 's better designed than the 1100s . 
1	on : you can stand it remote end ( harder to lose ) , better it 's far and designed than the 1100s . 
1	remote : you can stand and on end ( harder to lose ) , the it 's far better designed than it 1100s . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( is , in where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that ; ) . 
1	the vox quality is very good , and it puzzle great reception ( that is , in billet where you produce t-mobile coverage , which is not that salutary ; see below ) . 
1	the and quality is very good , places it gets great reception ( that you , in voice where is get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
1	reception quality voice is very good , and it gets below the ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see great ) . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , follow in places where you get t-mobile develop coverage , which is not that response good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice is very good , and it gets great reception ( that , in where you get t-mobile coverage , is not that ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and embody it gets great commodity reception ( that is , in places capture where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
1	the voice quality is very goodness , and it baffle outstanding reception ( that is , in places where you bring t-mobile coverage , which is not that unspoiled ; see below ) . 
0	Booting up my computer took forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer forever took!!!
0	forever up my computer took Booting!!!
0	Booting up my computer took reboot forever!!!
0	Booting up boot my computer took forever!!!
0	up my computer took forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer study forever!!!
0	Booting up my estimator took forever!!!
0	Booting up my computer took!!!
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - absolute instant disdain for any products made apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute twinkling disdain for any products create by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute away instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and instant for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine for shock - and absolute instant disdain my any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any made products by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute peak instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my jolt - and absolute instant pooh-pooh for any products made by apex . 
1	 Selected it because it looked easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it looked to easy install .
1	 Selected it to it looked easy because install .
1	 Selected it because it looked easy establish to install .
1	 Selected it because it attend easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it count easy to install .
1	 Selected it because it looked easy reckon to install .
1	 Selected it because it looked easy install .
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for can , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , read this dvd player example not it but . 
0	for example , tried playing my " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd can read it . 
0	for example , i tried non playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but take this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for lesson , i tried represent my new " plagiarist of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this DVD player can not read it . 
0	for newly example , i tried playing my new " pirates of histrion the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	for example , i tried toy my Modern " pirates of the carribean " extra characteristic dvd , but this videodisc player can not read it . 
0	for example , i tried playing my new " of the carribean " features dvd , but dvd player can not it . 
0	for example , i tried playing my not " pirates of this carribean " extra features dvd , but the dvd player can new read it . 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this little cute little MP3 thespian. 
1	Upon opening the exist box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with MP3 small cute little this player. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this minor cute piddling MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box with was confronted I this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening one the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	Upon opening the box was confronted with this small cute little MP3. 
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small little player. 
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 I am a novice at this shove but it was exceedingly easy to plant the router up .
1	 am a novice this but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 I am a At novice at this simply stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 I am a upwardly novice at this stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router easily up .
1	 I am a novice at this but it was extremely easy set router up .
1	 I am a novice at this up but easy was extremely it to set the router stuff .
1	 I am a novice at this lug but it was extremely easily to situated the router up .
1	 to extremely a novice at this stuff but it was am easy I set the router up .
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on . 
0	the songs on n't play one after another like do a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play one after a like on another cd . 
0	the call do n't recreate one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs ut do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	songs do n't play one after like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't wreak 1 after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't along play one after another like on a cd . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while In light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it not go in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it not easily in small handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or In pockets . 
0	while unaccented , it will not easily go in belittled handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it in not easily go will small handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it will not easily fail in humble handbags or pockets . 
0	while light , it will not easily go in handbags small or pockets . 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels solid. 
1	very Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels The solid. 
1	The feeling Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and spirit very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it feels in pictures, and looks very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in impression, and find very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller it looks pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The Zen Micro is identical smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical determine assistance service to set that unmatchable one up.  
1	The documentation is much to than the documentation of came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot that help from Linksys technical that better set assistance one up.  
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- follow I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to certification set that one coiffe up.  
1	The documentation is better much than the documentation that came I the 11b help -- with needed a lot of router from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	The documentation much than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one.  
1	The documentation is often near than the documentation that hail with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of helper from Linksys technical assistance to arrange that one up.  
1	The is much better the documentation that came the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys assistance to set that one.  
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I want a plenty of facilitate from Linksys technical aid to dress that one up.  
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After enquiry of other creative severe effort players, i launch that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (take most reviews on amazon.com and find for yourself). 
0	After research of creative hard drive players, i found that of them very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews amazon. see for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard parkway player, i found that most of them aren't very long-lasting and tend to clank (read most reappraisal on amazon.com and meet for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend run to crash (read most work reviews on amazon.com and see for virago yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, clang i found clank that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read player most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative com drive players, i found that most of them aren't tend and and very to crash (read most reviews on amazon.hard durable see for yourself). 
0	After research other creative hard drive players, found that most them aren't very durable tend to crash (read on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	that research and other creative hard drive players, i found very most of them aren't After durable and tend to crash (read yourself reviews on amazon.com of see for most). 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off down button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that uneasy needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off the feels has flimsy , and somewhat an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on button camera . 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to on camera . 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button get that needs to embarrassing be depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels slightly flimsy , and has an cumbersome , tiny little lock-out button that necessitate to be depressed to turning on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat be , and has button awkward , tiny little lock-out an that needs to flimsy depressed to turn on the camera . 
0	the on-off button sense somewhat flimsy , and has an uneasy , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depress to bit on the camera . 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to to turn on camera . 
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue is where to put them when I move around .
1	 They levelheaded wonderful the only issuance is where to invest them when I move around .
1	 They sound wonderful the only is where to when I move around .
1	 They to wonderful the only I is where sound put them when issue move around .
1	 They when only the wonderful issue is where to put them sound I move around .
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue some is where fantastic to put them when I move around .
1	 They sound wonderful the only publish is where to put them when iodine propel around .
1	 They sound the only issue is where to them when I move .
1	 They sound wonderful the iodin only issue is where to put them when heavy I move around .
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , it using is not the easiest . 
0	the software nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the IT easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to feeling at , victimization it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to smell at , exploitation it is not the easiest . 
0	the software the somewhat nice to look at , using it is not is easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look , it is not the easiest . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look exploitation at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This a was router huge disapointment.
0	This router a was huge disapointment.
0	router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a Washington huge disapointment.
0	This router was a vast disapointment.
0	represent This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a Brobdingnagian disapointment.
0	This router a huge disapointment.
1	great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	the camera , and for great price you can 't beat it . 
1	great , and for the price you can 't beat . 
1	great IT camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	gravid camera , and for the price you can 't pulsation it . 
1	great camera , and for the price you 't it . 
1	great camera , and for the IT price you can 't beat it . 
1	heavy camera , and for the price you can 't pulse it . 
1	great camera , and for the price you can 'beat t it . 
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on right shit is super handy .
1	 - Input and along headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack super is handy .
1	 - Input and on right jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and headphone on justly jack is super handy .
1	 - Input and earphone headphone on right jack is super handy .
1	 - right and headphone on Input jack is super handy .
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven battery spirit . 
0	it also has unproven shelling life . 
0	it battery has unproven also life . 
0	also has unproven battery life . 
0	bombardment it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven life battery . 
0	it also has unproven battery animation life . 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The CDs with the music includes iTunes, which allows you to play the iPod on your computer, rip software onto computer your, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The motion software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, estimator rip CDs onto your computer, estimator and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, allows you to play the music computer, rip onto your computer, and move your music computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move from computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you bid to play the medicine music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod admit iTunes, which permit you to spiel the music on your figurer, riptide CDs onto your computer, and act your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which tolerate you to caper the music on your computer, blood Cd onto your reckoner, and actuate your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	music software to the iPod includes iTunes, computer The you to play the allows on your which, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer with the iPod. 
0	one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	one downside : writing of this as , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully 6610 the support . 
0	one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to update fully support the 6610 . 
0	scheme one downside : as arrangement of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	one downside : as of this indite , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to amply living the 6610 . 
0	unity downside : as of this indite , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully substantiate the 6610 . 
0	one downside : as of this , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully the . 
0	downside : of this writing , t-mobile has updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	one downside : as their this writing , of has n't updated t-mobile t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it miss again sunup this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried again this morning it said I didn't the required "" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I administrator it again permissions morning and it said I didn't have the required "this" and lacked proper tried status.
0	I tried again this morning said I didn't have the required "permissions" and proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have suppose the required "permissions" need and lacked proper administrator status.
0	ane examine it again this sunup and it aver I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I taste it again this morning and it aver i didn't have the want "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I this it again tried morning and it said I required have the didn't "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
1	 Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and overweight heavy monitor .
1	 Great older at great price for an replacement bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great for an older and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great price for an At older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great price for an honest-to-goodness bulky and large monitor .
1	 replacement Great at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
1	 nifty replacement at great price for an older bulky and impenetrable monitor .
1	 Great replacement at great for an bulky and heavy monitor .
0	This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	This simple nuance induce was surgery too much smooth for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	This bare nuance was too much for Nokia, and they noneffervescent refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have separate the sound or hangout the phone for relieve.
0	This simple nuance much too was for Nokia, and that still refuse to acknoledge the fact they their technician or have broken the phone could repair the phone for free.
0	much simple nuance was too the for Nokia, and to still refuse they acknoledge the fact that their technician could free broken the phone or repair This phone for have.
0	simple nuance was too much for, they refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could broken the phone repair the phone for free.
0	This simple nuance too much Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact technician have broken the phone or repair phone for free.
0	This simple shade was too much for Nokia, and they nevertheless garbage to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have breach the phone or doctor the phone for destitute.
0	liberate This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matt-up , and the colourize are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing lustrelessness , and the colors are nifty .
1	 The constitute screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	 matt The screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	 matte screen is a very pleasing The , and the colors are great .
1	 The screen is colors very pleasing matte , and the a are great .
1	 The is a very pleasing matte , and the are great .
1	 The screen is a very pleasing , and the colors are .
1	4. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	4. fiddle N-Gage games on it.
1	4. Play games on it.
1	4. games N-Gage Play on it.
1	along 4. Play N-Gage games on it.
1	4. Play N-Gage quadruplet games on it.
1	4. Play N-Gage gage on it.
1	on. Play N-Gage games 4 it.
1	4. Play N-Gage games it.
1	I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing well but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but with luck good T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but good luck have with T-Mobile.
1	I've had naught but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but skillful luck with T-Mobile.
1	I've luck nothing but good had with T-Mobile.
1	I've had nothing but good luck with.
1	I've nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	overly it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels and in your hand great looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels great in great hand and looks your too. 
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand looks too. 
1	it's fast, palpate great in your hand and flavour great too. 
1	it's fast, feels majuscule in your hand and looks smashing too. 
1	it's fast, feels great palpate in your hand and looks great too. 
1	it's fast, feels great in your and great too. 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , spin on more and then show the some display that there was no disc . 
0	it spin , , spin some more and then show on the display that was no disc . 
0	it would twist , study , spin some more and then read on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would , read , spin some more and show the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would tailspin , read , spin some more and then demonstrate on the show that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and thither then show on the display that reel there was no disc . 
0	it would about spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there expose was no disc . 
0	it would spin , show , spin some more and then read on the display that there no was disc . 
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center hefty II , this unit is sulphur very powerful and southward produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit very powerful produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a speaker system .
1	 The eye channelize is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very muscular and develop crystal crystallise dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 The Center channel is JBL - entropy - heart II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystallization unclouded dialogues , and it 's a 3-way Speaker system .
1	 clear Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very system and produces crystal The dialogues , and it 'a s 3-way speaker powerful .
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center unscathed II , this unit talker is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and whole it 's a 3-way speaker system .
1	 Center is JBL - S - Center , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal dialogues , and it 's a speaker system .
1	 The Center s is JBL - S - Center II , this unit a very 3-way and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 'channel is powerful speaker system .
1	the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
1	the barrage life on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery surreal on this phone is life . 
1	the battery living on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery life shelling on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery life on this phone is phantasmagorical surreal . 
1	the life on this phone is surreal . 
1	the battery life on this phone surreal is . 
1	the battery life this phone is surreal . 
1	I absolutely love it. 
1	I absolutely IT love it. 
1	absolutely love it. 
1	iodin absolutely love it. 
1	I absolutely enjoy it. 
1	I absolutely love IT it. 
1	I love absolutely it. 
1	absolutely I love it. 
1	I absolutely love. 
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
1	digital is clear too...say you all 3x optical, try to do digital zoom...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get clear good 
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x surge optical zoom, try to do examine digital zoom then...non just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still visual get a clear good quality picture
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try soar not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get whizz a figure clear good quality whizz picture
1	digital zoom is clear just...say you used all good optical zoom, try picture do you'll zoom then...too try not to shake the camera at all and digital still get a clear 3x quality to
1	zoom is clear too...say you 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all you'll still a clear picture
1	digital zoom the clear too...say you used all 3x optical picture, to to do digital zoom then...just try not try shake is camera at all and you'll still get a good clear quality zoom
1	digital zoom is well-defined too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, adjudicate to do digital zoom then...just try not to handshaking the camera at all and you'll placid experience a clean good quality figure
1	digital zoom is clear too...enunciate you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just sample not to shake the camera at all and you'll still begin a light secure prime visualise
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with histrion the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , the and interface with sub-par player is the . 
0	the setup work for the nomad is exasperate , and the interface with the instrumentalist is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for the and is infuriating , nomad the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup serve for the nomad is maddening , and the interface with the actor is sub-par . 
0	setup process for is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for the is infuriating , and the interface with the is . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface personify with the player is equal sub-par . 
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All reviews good the for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good reviews true the SD500 are for. 
1	All the good dependable reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	all the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good reviews totally for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are. 
1	All the reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	All the good recapitulation for the SD500 are true. 
0	It is not reliable.  
0	IT It is not reliable.  
0	IT is not reliable.  
0	It is not honest.  
0	not is It reliable.  
0	It is reliable.  
0	is not reliable.  
0	It is non not reliable.  
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some features around in the user interface 
0	- some characteristic in the user interface 
0	- some have in the user interface 
0	- some features in user the interface 
0	- some features in the user 
0	- features some in the user interface 
0	- some features in user interface 
0	- some features port in the user interface 
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality building as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is unrivaled of the right phones I've victimised.
1	While this phone obviously does have the same phones construction as Motorola quality, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better doesn't I've used.
1	While Motorola is obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as this does, the Nokia 6600 phone one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, let the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones headphone I've used.
1	While this telephone manifestly doesn't have the same select construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is matchless of the better phones I've used.
1	While this phone doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the is one of the better phones used.
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same patently quality construction as Motorola does, lineament the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	While this phone obviously the same quality construction Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is of the better phones I've used.
1	They're easy to use. 
1	They're easy to soft use. 
1	They're well-fixed to use. 
1	They're easy use to. 
1	They're easy promiscuous to use. 
1	They're to easy use. 
1	easy to use. 
1	They're easy to. 
1	They're easy to consumption. 
1	i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	IT i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on inch players in a grade different class . 
1	i gave the zen fivesome genius because it 's excellent for the division that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it ground on players in a dissimilar family . 
1	i gave the zen 5 stars rate it 's excellent for the in that it is a and it 's not really appropriate to because it based on players class in different class . 
1	i on a in 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is zen and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based gave players in the different class . 
1	i apply the acid 5 virtuoso because it 's first-class for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to value it based on musician in a different class . 
1	i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the unlike class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it Zen based on players in a thespian different class . 
1	gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for class that it is in and it ' really appropriate rate it based on players in a class . 
1	i gave zen 5 because it 's excellent for the class that it in and it 's really appropriate to rate on players in a different class . 
1	All in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this a is wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this is a marvelous device.  
1	All in all, this is represent a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this is equal a wonderful device.  
1	All in device, this is a wonderful all.  
1	All in all, this is a fantastic device.  
1	All in all, is a wonderful device.  
1	All in all, this is a device.  
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might do to you with a stiff bounce mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to mechanics you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your might come you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might stiff to you with a come spring mechanism.
0	1. to Hitachi might come Your you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come i to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
0	1. Your might come to you with a spring mechanism.
0	1. Your Hitachi might descend to you with a corpse spring mechanism.
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of illuminate these equipment , the AVR 525 subcontract produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done job great a on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces clarity clear sound with excellent crystal .
1	 job international Harmon done all great has on a of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has execute a great Job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 farm crystal unmortgaged sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done great on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces clear sound with clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done a keen job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal crystalize healthy with excellent lucidness .
1	 Harmon international has done a great splendid job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 levelheaded produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
1	 Harmon international has done great on all these equipment , the 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i adjudicate tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i service called apex cust tried , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust iodin service , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , help . 
0	i tried called no cust service , apex help . 
0	i tested called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i seek called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no . 
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It never - at all.
1	3. It never smelled - triplet at all.
1	trey. It never smelled - at all.
1	all. It never smelled - at 3.
1	3. smelled never It - at all.
1	. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It never smelled - at IT all.
1	III. It never smelled - at all.
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it very features beautiful design , lots of a , very easy to use , has configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , perplex lots of stupefy features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it a beautiful design , lots of features , easy use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , mickle of boast , very well-off to exercise , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful figure , flock of features , very well-fixed to function , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to invention use , very configurable and customizable , design and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	it has a design , lots of , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the duration amazing ! 
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very customizable to use , very configurable and easy , and battery the duration is amazing ! 
1	I finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	single finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 belong....which is a subscription service, leave me to download as much euphony as single neediness for a $14.95 flatbed fee.  
1	I finally it to as this player because with was compatible decided Napster 2 Go....I is a subscription service, allowing me to download purchase much music as which want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	I xcv finally often decided to purchase this player because amp it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is prostrate a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	1 finally adjudicate to purchase this participant because it was compatible with Napster 2 expire....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as ane wish for a $14.95 2-dimensional fee.  
1	I finally decided to purchase this cost player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is servicing a subscription service, euphony allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 IT flat fee.  
1	I finally decided service purchase this a because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which allowing player subscription to, is me to download as much 95 as I want for a $14.music flat fee.  
1	decided to purchase this player because was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is service, allowing me to download as much music as I for a $14.95 fee.  
1	I finally to purchase this player because it compatible with 2 Go....which is subscription service, allowing me to download music as I for a $14.95 flat fee.  
0	The depth adjustment was sloppy.
0	The depth adjustment was miry.
0	The baggy depth adjustment was sloppy.
0	The profundity depth adjustment was sloppy.
0	The sloppy adjustment was depth.
0	The depth was sloppy.
0	The depth adjustment was.
0	The depth adjustment was swampy.
0	I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could reload hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I days hardly use it without a recharge in 2 could!
0	could hardly use it without recharge in 2 days!
0	1 could barely use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could hardly usage it without a reload in 2 days!
0	I could hardly use it IT without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I could days use it without a recharge in 2 hardly!
0	I could hardly it without a recharge in days!
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	along now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any IT more problems . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more trouble . 
1	now that i have all my on it has n't been any more . 
1	my that i have all now music on it there has n't any been more problems . 
1	on that i have n't my music now it there has all been any more problems . 
1	now that i have whatever all my music on it there has n't been whole any more problems . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more job . 
1	that i have all my music on it there has n't any problems . 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my heavy expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in 4mp a camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest anticipation expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in outmatch a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my majuscule expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses expectations greatest my in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest in a 4mp camera .. 
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
1	another well thing is that this camera look to introduce much less noise in dark seat than others i 've visualize . 
1	randomness another good thing is equal that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
1	another just thing is that this camera seems to introduce often less noise in dark identify than others i 've ensure . 
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to seem introduce much less unspoiled noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
1	another good thing is that this seems to introduce much less noise in places i 've seen . 
1	less good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much ve noise in dark others than places i 'another seen . 
1	another good thing is seems this camera that to than much less noise in dark places introduce others i 've seen . 
1	another good thing is this camera seems to much less noise in dark places than others ' seen . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is of oversight of creative ' marketing . 
0	quintet ) lack of dependable accessories - this is more of an superintendence of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) creative of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of lack 'marketing s . 
0	) lack of good accessories - this is more of an of creative ' marketing . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of oversight an of creative 'marketing s . 
0	V ) lack of thoroughly accessories - this is more of an lapse of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) siemens lack of good accessories - this is more merchandising of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	5 ) sulphur lack of good accessories - southward this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 hard drive I had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , .
0	 The grueling cause I had sequester to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 drive I had attached the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB port was non sometimes non accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB feature port live was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 The not drive I had sometimes to the USB port was sometimes accessible , attached hard .
0	 The surd labor iodine had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
0	 hard port drive I had attached to the USB The was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I the Diaper Champ and been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been napkin very happy for the following reasons.
1	I Diaper the bought Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been felicitous very happy for the following reasons.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ been very happy for the following reasons.
1	i bought the Diaper chomp and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and reasons been very happy for the following have.
1	I bribe the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the be reasons.
1	You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
1	You do not have to waste money or time nerve-racking to purchase extra bagful for the Champ.
1	sentence You do not have to waste DO money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
1	You do not have to waste money or time trying surgery to purchase special champion bags for the Champ.
1	do not have to waste money or time trying to special bags the Champ.
1	You do not special to waste money have time trying to purchase or bags for the Champ.
1	You do not have to waste money or meter attempt to purchase particular bags for the Champ.
1	You do money have to waste not or time trying to special purchase bags for the Champ.
1	You do not have waste money or time trying to purchase special for Champ.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	afterward 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally IV given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, i have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, up have finally given I.
0	After 4 have installs, I attempted finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have eventually finally given up.
1	The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	wonderful SS body is The, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is follow wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is wonderful, find high-quality.
1	marvellous The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
1	The SS body is wonderful, spirit high-quality.
1	The SS body feels wonderful, is high-quality.
1	The SS body is, feels high-quality.
1	 The software on the router is pretty good .
1	 software The on the router is pretty good .
1	 The goodness software on the router is pretty good .
1	 The software on pretty router is the good .
1	 The software on the router pretty good .
1	 The software on the router is pretty package good .
1	 The software on the router is pretty right .
1	 software on the router is pretty good .
1	 The software on the router is moderately good .
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most sluttish important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded gentle dirty ice diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and modify the ordinary trash bags, easy to scavenge, and most important, easy to manipulation one handed - just insert close foul diaper and flip the handgrip.
1	It is to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, to use one - just insert folded dirty diaper handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary crank bags, gentle to clean, and most important, well-to-do to use one handed - just insert folded dirty napkin and alternate the hold.
1	It is easy and install and change the folded trash bags, easy to clean, to most important, easy to use one handed - just insert ordinary and diaper dirty flip the handle.
1	It is the handed install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most diaper, easy to use one to - just insert folded dirty important and flip easy handle.
1	It is to install and trash bags, easy to clean, most important, easy to use one handed - just folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy unity to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one pitch handed - just somerset insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
0	i 've had and thing just over a come this the headphone jack has already month loose . 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone seaman has already number sluttish . 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone diddly-squat has already fall escaped . 
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and take the headphone jack has already come get loose . 
0	i 've had this just a month and the headphone jack has already loose . 
0	i 've had this thing just throw over a let month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
0	i 'thing had this ve just over a month and the loose jack has already come headphone . 
0	i 've thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come . 
0	I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	unity feel the major trouble with this token is that if you have a very mussy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a hole, the slew come all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is remote of the diaper pail.
0	I find the major problem with item is that you a very and can't it without mess, the gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	the find the major problem with this item it that you if have a very messy that and can't tightly bundle and without a mess, the mess gets all over I module diaper dumps the diaper is the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	I uncovering the major trouble with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly sheaf it without a mussiness, the mint flummox all over the module that ditch the diaper and the fetor is extraneous of the diaper pail.
0	I find the major problem with this item is that if you have mint a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle A it without a iodin mess, the mess axerophthol gets all A over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	I the major with this item is that if have a very messy diaper and tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all the module that dumps diaper and is OUTSIDE of diaper pail.
0	I find the major discovery problem with this item is that if you have detail a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle ampere it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the A diaper and the personify stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	that find gets major and tightly this item is I if you have a very messy diaper and can't with bundle it without a mess, the mess the all over the module stink dumps the diaper problem the that is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The thespian back of the player is nice too, with actor water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of ripples player too nice is, with water the inside the clear white coating.  
1	The spine of the player is nice too, with water cockle inside the clean white coating.  
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inner the exculpate ashen coating.  
1	too back of the player is nice The, with white ripples inside the clear water coating.  
1	The back of the player is binding nice too, with water ripples inside participant the clear white coating.  
1	back of the player is too, with water ripples inside the clear coating.  
1	back of the player is too, with water ripples the clear white coating.  
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card since i also have a pocket it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory plug-in set nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a video software on my PDA wolla . 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also have a scorecard pocket pc PC and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card fit nicely i also have pocket pc and it installed a picture on my pda wolla . 
1	automatically memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it the installed a picture software on wolla pda my . 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also axerophthol have a pocket pc and it along automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	the memory card fit nicely on i also have a pocket pc and it since installed automatically picture software a my pda wolla . 
1	the retentiveness lineup primed nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a scene software on my pda wolla . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones it has feature . 
0	headphones cool , would i invest in some suck ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones suck , would invest in some cool ones since it eax feature . 
0	headphones suck , i would earpiece invest in some cool ones since it has earphone the eax feature . 
0	headphones give suck , i would inwards invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones suck , i would invest in ones cool some since it has the feature eax . 
0	phone blow , i would adorn in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	headphones suction , i would gift in some cool ace since it has the eax feature . 
1	it is small . 
1	it is pocket-size . 
1	it is diminished . 
1	it is . 
1	is small . 
1	it diminished is small . 
1	it IT is small . 
1	it small is . 
1	small is it . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the snap is it 's built wish a piece of crap . 
0	the pinch is it 's built like a bit of crap . 
0	the like is it 's built catch a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's like a piece of . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece opus of crap . 
0	the catch shite is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the built is it 's catch like a piece of crap . 
1	the sound from the player is ok . 
1	the sound from player is ok . 
1	the vocalize from the player is ok . 
1	the level-headed from the player is ok . 
1	the sound from the player is exist ok . 
1	the sound from the player legal is ok . 
1	the sound ok the player is from . 
1	sound from the player is ok . 
1	the the from sound player is ok . 
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker number for the amount I paid .
1	 besides So the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides the iodin annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this a fine speaker for the amount I .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a finely speaker for the amount ace paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount i bear .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker I the amount for paid .
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a speaker for the amount I .
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small closely spaced , especially with the buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu fare buttons . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely especially , spaced with the menu buttons . 
0	remote small are buttons and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote are small and closely , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	removed buttons are small and closely separated , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	remote buttons are separated small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
0	outback buttons are little and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
1	i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i received this detail for christmas and it has foregather and surpass all my standards . 
1	i received this item has met and it for christmas and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i this item for christmas it has met and exceeded my standards . 
1	i it this item for christmas and received has met and exceeded all standards my . 
1	i received this particular for christmas and it has adjoin and outdo all my standards . 
1	i received this item for christmas Yule and it has hold met and exceeded all my standards . 
1	i received this item for and it has met and exceeded all . 
1	i received this item for christmas particular and it has met touchstone and exceeded all my standards . 
1	Purchased this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few buy months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS.  
1	buy this router a few months second, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased back router a few months this, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few back, NO whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few months hinder, no PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this no router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
1	Purchased this router a few whatsoever back, NO PROBLEMS months.  
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have bump the hold to be antiphonal, almost no expect time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I almost found the relatively to be responsive, have no wait time on the phone, and support knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other comparatively reviewers, I have found the support get to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, have found support to be responsive, no time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to, wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I along have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on No the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have feel the accompaniment to be responsive, almost no wait time on the earpiece, and relatively well-read. 
1	Unlike be reviewers, no have found the support to other responsive, almost I wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	big lcd screen - LCD at least for me, 2" is enough
1	big lcd screen - at LCD least for me, 2" is enough
1	vainglorious lcd filmdom - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	big is screen - at least for me, 2" lcd enough
1	lcd screen - at least me, 2" is enough
1	big lcd concealment - at least for me, two" is enough
1	big screen - at least me, 2" is enough
1	big least screen - at lcd for me, 2" is enough
1	so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
1	so much backpack in a minor case and very affordable ! 
1	so much mob in a modest case and very affordable ! 
1	much packed in a case and very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in a small case and often very affordable ! 
1	so much packed in very small case and a affordable ! 
1	so much packed in a small very and case affordable ! 
1	so much packed in a small case and selfsame very affordable ! 
1	so much packed a small case and very ! 
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would work fine sour for a while then warm as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It for work fine would it while then as the motor warmed up a would die.
0	It die work for fine a while then as the motor warmed up it would would.
0	It would work fine for adenine a IT while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would fine for while then the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would exercise delicately for a while then as the motor warmed up it would go.
0	It would work fine for while as the motor up it would die.
0	IT would turn exquisitely for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T library THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY donnish EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC library LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT, DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR LIBRARY DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE A FIRST PRIORITY CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems to me.
0	HOW, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, DEVICE DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN SO DOWNLOAD me FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR WHY??? This seems academic to MUSIC.
0	indeed, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY attain IT angstrom FIRST anteriority TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW download MUSIC FROM YOUR music LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU power wonder, WHY DON'T THEY induce IT A offset PRIORITY TO carefully, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seem academic to me.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM ME YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? pedantic This enquire seems academic to me.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T seems MAKE THEY A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, EXPLAIN SIMPLY HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This IT academic to me.
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a properly size , but the power on/off cardinal is minuscule and difficult to press . 
0	the but is a press size , keypad the power on/off key is small and difficult to decent . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and slay difficult to hit press . 
0	keypad is a decent size , but the power/off key is small and to press . 
0	the keypad is superpower a decent size , but the power on/off key is small tycoon and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a decent the , but size power press/off key is small and difficult to on . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the magnate on/off describe is diminished and difficult to press . 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but power on/off key is small and to . 
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	 This product is clarion enough to integrate Toyota good cx501 to my my camry 2001 mode .
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my to cx501 clarion my Toyota camry mode 2001 .
1	 This product is skillful decent to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mood .
1	 This product is good enough comprise to constitute integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	 This product is good adequate to incorporate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 modality .
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 my 2001 mode .
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion to my Toyota 2001 .
1	 This product is good mood enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to cost my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
1	10 great price for all the features . 
1	10 price for all the features . 
1	10 great dandy price for all the features . 
1	the great price for all 10 features . 
1	10 great price for all features the . 
1	10 large price for all the features . 
1	10 great price boast for all the features . 
1	10 great price for all the . 
1	10 bully price for all the features . 
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not fit well into unit . ( defective ) 
0	the top did not fit well into the defective . ( felt unit ) 
0	the top did find not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	find the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the crest did not fit swell into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the clear did not check well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( defective felt ) 
0	For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
0	For last birth one month my Rebate status showing me that nonpareil my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still unity I am waiting for Check.
0	For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and checkout is render but stock-still I am expect for chip.
0	For last one month my Rebate status point me that my rebate is apporved and gibe is delivered but hush I am wait for insure.
0	For one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved is delivered but still waiting for Check.
0	For constitute last one month even my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still conclusion I am waiting for Check.
0	For last one month Check Rebate delivered showing rebate that my me is apporved and check is status but still I am waiting for my.
0	For last one is my Rebate status showing me that my rebate month apporved and check is delivered am I still but waiting for Check.
0	For one my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved check is delivered but still am for Check.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for similar a novice like me.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, me for a novice like even.
1	All the features incredibly intuitive, even a novice like me.
1	All the sport are incredibly visceral, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features are adenine incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice me.
1	completely the boast are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, novice for a even like me.
1	this is the best phone i have seen . 
1	this is the best phone topper i have seen . 
1	this is the best phone i have image . 
1	is the best phone i have seen . 
1	this is the phone i have seen . 
1	this is the best just phone i have seen . 
1	this phone the best is i have seen . 
1	this is the trump phone i have seen . 
1	this is the best have i phone seen . 
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound reappraisal really good just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound really good just as the reassessment say .
1	 They sound as good just really the reviews say .
1	 They sound really revue good just as the reviews say .
1	 just sound really good They as the reviews say .
1	 They well-grounded really good just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound good just as the reviews say .
1	 They sound really good just the reviews say .
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc cortege , i.tocopherol. unfreeze ringtones from midi lodge , absolve graphics from any painting on your computer , and if you bed how to program jme you can even have your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc rooms , i.eastward. liberal ringtones from midi lodge , disembarrass graphics from any figure on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can regular piddle your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free have ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know discharge how to program east jme you often can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much jme with the pc suite , i.e. ringtones free from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your more , and you if games how to program computer you can even make your own apps / know . 
1	can do * * more with the pc suite , i.. free ringtones midi files , free graphics any picture on your computer , and if you know how program jme you can even your own apps / games . 
1	you can relinquish do * so * much more rooms with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from characterisation midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and microcomputer if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * midi * much more with the pc suite , i.picture. free ringtones from so files , free graphics from any e on your games , and if you know how your program jme you can even make to own apps / computer . 
1	you do * * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free picture on your computer , and you know how program jme you can even make your own / games . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or adept amateur could deficiency . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that pro or expert could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that professional a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur adept could want . 
1	seriously , everything thing has this that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has that pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a professional or expert amateur could wishing . 
1	seriously , this thing expert everything that a pro or has amateur could want . 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a pass polyester, pull-string BAG, (little, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry off marbles in) as tries to yes it ten and the case. 
0	The box included a trivial polyester, pull-string bulge, (yes, you read mightily a BAG, something a son would carry 10 marbles in) and tries to surpass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little angstrom polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a include BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to picayune pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included little, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read a BAG, something a boy carry ten marbles) and tries to it off as the case. 
0	little box a a The polyester, BAG pull-string, (yes, you read right a BAG, something included boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, BAG, (yes, you read right BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) tries to pass it as. 
0	The box included a little amp polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) stock and tries turned to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a niggling polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a pocket, something a boy would conduct ten marbles in) and essay to run it off as the character. 
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my Nox bandstand .
1	 it vocalize great out on the patio or on my night tie-up .
1	 it sounds great out on on patio or the my night stand .
1	 it phone sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 it sounds great out the on patio or on my night stand .
1	 it out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 sounds great out on the or on my night stand .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my night terrace stand .
0	yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones suck but replaces them . 
0	yes the include headphone suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes included suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones imbibe but everyone supercede them anyway . 
0	yes the replaces earphones suck but everyone included them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones admit suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	headphone yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	yes the included earphones suck but replaces everyone them anyway . 
1	Other than this, I am very pleased with the router and would buy it again.
1	Other and this, very am I pleased with the router than would buy it again.
1	Other buy this, I am would pleased with the router and very than it again.
1	Other than this, I am very pleased with the router IT and would buy it again.
1	other than this, iodin am very delight with the router and would buy it again.
1	Other this, I very pleased with the router would buy it again.
1	former than this, iodine am very pleased with the router and would steal it again.
1	Other than this, I am very selfsame pleased with the router and would buy it again.
1	than this, I very pleased with the router and would it again.
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the auto localise does a expectant chore most of the time but there are manual settings for those who require them . 
1	the auto setting does a great job of the but are manual settings for those who them . 
1	the auto want does a great job most those the time but there are manual settings for of who setting them . 
1	the auto setting does a great job most of nearly the time but there nearly are manual settings for those who want them . 
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the are but settings time manual there for those who want them . 
1	auto setting does a great job of the time but there are settings for those who want . 
1	the auto typeset does a peachy subcontract most of the time but there are manual settings for those who deficiency them . 
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there WHO are manual settings for those who want Energy them . 
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It feels self-colored and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like C the carbon.  
1	It palpate solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	It flimsy solid and not feels like the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not like the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like tenuous the carbon.  
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like the.  
1	It not solid and feels flimsy like the carbon.  
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a no weighty ( 9 ounces ... little biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... OK no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a weighty ( 9 ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	9 little weighty ( a ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( IX ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise ok . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... IX no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a lilliputian weighty ( IX ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, IT cracked, black blobs etc, I figured subsequently that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading recapitulation of LCD problems, daft, pitch-dark blobs etc, I figure that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading cracked of LCD problems, reviews, black blobs etc, I that figured it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I it was probably a very limited. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, roughened black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited plausibly problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD job, loony, bleak blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very circumscribed problem. 
0	After reading I of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs a, reviews figured that it was probably etc very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of problems, cracked, black blobs, I figured that it was probably very limited. 
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Internet protection 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Internet variation Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Internet 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This version of 2004 Security Internet, is beyond hope.
0	This version of is Security 2004, Internet beyond hope.
0	This version protection of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	This variant of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the good prime is besides dainty ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the sound quality is also rather nice ... after i hooked up my single sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the sound quality is crochet also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory IT earbuds it comes with . 
1	the intelligent quality is also nice ... after i plume up my sony headphones rather of those factory earbuds it descend with . 
1	the sound quality sony also nice ... after i hooked up my is headphones instead it those factory earbuds of comes with . 
1	the sound quality is comes nice ... headphones i hooked up my sony after instead of those factory earbuds it also with . 
1	the sound quality also nice ... i hooked up sony instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	the sound quality also nice ... i hooked up my sony headphones instead of earbuds it comes with . 
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	sol I can't recount you if Diaper Champ will be as unspoiled at curb the pattern generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the sense of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good At at containing the At formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing Be the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't splendid tell indeed you if ampere Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	containing I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as at good containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's poop at So the smell of excellent of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't generated the excellent Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula but poop smell, tell it's if at containing you smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't narrate you if Diaper Champ will be as near at containing the formula generated quarter scent, but it's first-class at containing the olfaction of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	So I can't tell you Diaper Champ will be as good at containing formula generated poop, but it's excellent at containing smell of poop my breastfed!
1	So I you if Champ will be as good at the formula generated smell, but excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these verbalizer .
1	 absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these i speakers .
1	 I these LOVE absolutely speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE speakers these .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speaker .
1	 I absolutely LOVE iodine these speakers .
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For lesson, in auto modality you can't employ the cheap redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For example, in auto for you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode mode that.
0	For illustration, in auto mode you can't exercise the shoot redeye simplification, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	, in auto mode you can't the flash redeye reduction, you must be manual mode for that.
0	decrease For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash trashy redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you be must mode manual in for that.
0	For utilisation example, in auto mode you can't use the exercise flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
0	For example, in auto mode you can't the reduction, you must be in manual mode that.
1	really happy with this little camera . 
1	really little with this happy camera . 
1	really happy with this little camera . 
1	really happy with little camera . 
1	really happy with this little . 
1	really glad with this little camera . 
1	real happy with this little camera . 
1	really happy with little this camera . 
1	really happy with felicitous this little camera . 
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 star from me to due it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to it 's wizard disconnect issue .
0	 This router have 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect publish .
0	 This gets 1 star from due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This gets 1 from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets from star 1 me due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 star from me beat due to it 's disconnect issue .
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to it 's disconnection result .
1	I first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	I first used the router IT in the free hand mode and liked care it a lot.
1	i first used the router in the free handwriting fashion and liked it a lot.
1	I the router in the free hand mode and it a lot.
1	I used first the router the in free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	first used the router in free hand mode liked it a lot.
1	I first exploited the router in the absolve hand mode and liked it a peck.
1	first I router the used in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	I first used the innocent router in the free hand mode victimised and liked it a lot.
0	I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust convey builds in the channel and it postulate requires attention.
0	tool have noted that as you sawdust the I, use builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have noted that as you cock use the one tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have noted that you as use the tool, builds sawdust in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have observe that as you apply the tool, sawdust chassis in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I noted that as use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and requires attention.
0	iodin have illustrious that as you use the tool, sawdust flesh in the channel and it requires attention.
0	I have as you use the tool, builds in the channel and it requires attention.
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had possess two acme dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two peak dvd actor , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and of pleased with both was them . ) 
1	( instrumentalist he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was He pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had two apex dvd players , was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	( he had of two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both owned them . ) 
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and exist clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlist is easy and clean.  
1	Creating and is playlists modifying easy and clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is well-to-do and clean.  
1	and and modifying playlists is easy Creating clean.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and.  
1	Creating and modifying playlists is and clean.  
1	Creating playlist and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 The colors are top bright , beautiful and clear .
1	 The colors are , beautiful and clear .
1	 The bright are colors , beautiful and clear .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and solve .
1	 The colors are brilliant , beautiful and clear .
1	 The and are bright , beautiful colors clear .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and .
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful exist and clear .
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It become the look nice, though!)  I recommend this to anywhere music lover any: does quality of the audio is excellent, the capacity and indicators rapidly sure intuitive, and the storage controls and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to lover: the quality of the is excellent, the controls and rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity battery life huge!     
1	(It certain does look nice, though!)  I commend this to any music lover anywhere: the lineament of the audio is excellent, the restraint and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the warehousing capacity and bombardment sprightliness are huge!     
1	(It is does look nice, though!)  I recommend this quality any music lover anywhere: the to of the indicators sure excellent, the controls and audio rapidly become and, intuitive the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to music lover: the quality of audio is excellent, the controls indicators become, and the storage and battery life are huge!     
1	(It certainly does looking nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anyplace: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls and indicator rapidly get intuitive, and the depot capacity and battery animation are huge!     
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover aliveness anywhere: anyplace the quality of the audio is excellent, bet the controls fan and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
1	(It sure decent does look nice, vast though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls euphony and indicators rapidly become intuitive, index and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, think I but this be might for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for luxuriously health astir reasons. *
0	  * You can't tour the volume up very gamy, but I remember this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't ferment the volume up very high, but I mean this might be for health understanding. *
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, really but rationality I think this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You can't turn the up very, but I this might be for health reasons. *
0	  * You reasons turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be health for can't. *
0	  * can't the volume up very high, but think this might be for health reasons. *
1	the price / performance looked just right . 
1	the price / performance looked right . 
1	the price / performance just right . 
1	the price / performance looked just damage right . 
1	price the / performance looked just right . 
1	the price / performance looked just veracious . 
1	the price / performance looked just right-hand . 
1	the price / just looked performance right . 
1	the price / good performance looked just right . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm nonplus at the exposure quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo select -- mark are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm print prints . 
1	i 'quality amazed at the photo m -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at the indistinguishable quality -- prints are photo from 35mm prints . 
1	'm amazed at the photo -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from I 35mm prints . 
1	'm at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	the think , apex is i best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the dear dvd player you can sire for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player videodisc you can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the you dvd player best can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the adept dvd player you can suffer for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the best player can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex bathroom is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can for price . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	very annoying.    
0	Very plaguey annoying.    
0	annoying Very.    
0	Very plaguey.    
0	annoying.    
0	Very.    
0	Very real annoying.    
1	sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	built-in the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the with to record great a reminders microphone (ability for recording sending excellent meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is and!  
1	sending the unit to the company of buy which costs about $90), the ability to record with a inherent microphone (dandy for read reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to acknowledgment...the fathom tone is excellent!  
1	sending the unit to the company microphone purchase which costs about $90), not to ability record with a built-in of (great for recording and reminders meetings), very sturdy construction, and the to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	sending the unit to the company of reminder purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording mike reminders and meetings), very monitor sturdy construction, exist and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	sending building the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability lineament to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), admonisher very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound fathom quality is excellent!  
1	the unit to the company of purchase about $90), the ability to record a built-in microphone ( for reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is!  
1	direct the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $xc), the ability to tape with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and foregather), very sturdy construction, and not to refer...the go choice is excellent!  
1	sending the unit to the of purchase costs about $), the ability to record with a built-in microphone ( for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy, not to mention...the sound is excellent!  
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	seems to be working , but we 've not used all that much . 
1	it seem to be working exquisitely , but we 've not ill-used it all that much . 
1	it appear to be make fine , but we 've not victimized it all that much . 
1	it seems to be working fine , but 've used it all much . 
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not exploited used it all that only much . 
1	it seems to be working fine , that we 've not but it all used much . 
1	it seems to be working fine , but work we 've not used it all that act much . 
1	we seems fine be working to , but it 've not used it all that much . 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but download then download it would lock up substantially on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then vocal downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, iodine was very shanghai, after loading 180 birdsong it seemed to use very considerably but then it would engage up on me and a shelling removal remedied this, I then downloaded the ascent and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, removal loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but remedied it would lock up this me then a battery alright and on, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be after. 
1	Initially, was very impressed, after 180 songs seemed to function very well but then it would lock on me and a battery remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades seemed be alright. 
1	Initially, I very impressed, after loading 180 it seemed to function well then it would lock up on me battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded upgrades everything seemed to be alright. 
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function rattling very well but then it would okeh lock up on me and a OK battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be cost alright. 
1	Initially, I to very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it battery lock up on me this a would removal upgrades and, I then downloaded the remedied and everything seemed was be alright. 
1	Initially, i was very impress, after load 180 songs it seemed to routine very comfortably but then it would interlock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the promote and everything look to be alright. 
1	The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The icon pictures are tack sharp, colors colouring are vivid, and at 7 mega character pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The high are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the to is manipulate pictures quality plenty and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The pictures brilliant are tack astatine sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and acutely crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The photo are tack sharp, colours are vivid, and at 7 mega pixel the quality is slew high to manipulate and browse images to your hearts desire. 
1	The are pictures tack sharp, colors are the, and at 7 mega pixels vivid quality is plenty high to manipulate desire crop images to your hearts and. 
1	The pictures tack sharp, are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the plenty high to and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	The pictures are sheet sharp, gloss are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the caliber is plenty high to manipulate and cultivate images to your hearts want. 
1	The pictures are tack sharp, vivid, and at 7 pixels the quality is plenty high to and crop images to hearts desire. 
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses veritable store bags.
1	regular) The Champ uses 2 store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store.
1	2) bagful The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ store regular uses bags.
1	2) The Champ regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses even store bags.
1	2) deuce The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm gloomy to understand about other people having problems with their Elvis Micro, but mine has act great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm to sorry read about other Micro having problems with their Zen people, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having with their Zen Micro, but mine has! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with Micro Zen their, but mine has great worked! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other Dec people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked early great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen acid Micro, but mine survey has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL brushup December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Elvis Micro, but mine has sour heavy! 
1	REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry read about other people having problems their Zen Micro, but mine worked great! 
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	, it does not give the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option come of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not have you the pick of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not consecrate you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them severally.
0	Unfortunately, of does not give you the option it unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not them you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) give individually.
0	commit Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not you the option of unstalling (or) them individually.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I and pictures in JPG easy click because to phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely format to transfer pics the my pc and forth.
1	I click in pictures JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer forth to pics pc and my.
1	I click pictures in format and the phone has a bluetooth device I it extremely easy to pics to my and forth.
1	I chink ikon in JPG formatting and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transferee flick to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures happen in sound JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find bechance it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I detent pictures in JPG format and because the headphone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely prosperous to channelize pics to my pc and off.
1	I click pictures JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device it extremely easy to transfer pics pc and forth.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because microcomputer the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics dog to initialise my pc and forth.
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective time passes, the following mind: AS GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) SO THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those that kick that the nappy Champ isn't as effective as clock legislate, keep the following in judgement: AS BABIES stupefy OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO exercise THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those BABIES complain that the Diaper Champ isn't that effective as time passes, keep the following SO mind: AND as GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AS in DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	likewise, for those that complain that the Diaper chomp isn't as effective as time whirl, keep the pursue in mind: AS BABIES come erstwhile, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka self-colored FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for those that that Diaper as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS ( SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF DIAPERS!
0	kick Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: die AS BABIES GET OLDER, Indiana THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID as FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
0	Also, for SO that THEIR that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: DIAPERS BABIES GET OLDER, complain DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) OF those DOES THE SMELL AND THEIR AS!
0	Also, for those that diet complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as thinker effective as time passes, keep the plain following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES indium THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
1	Record memos using the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using victimisation the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos the built in microphone.  
1	tape memos using the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos expend the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using the in built microphone.  
1	Record memos utilise using the built in microphone.  
1	Record memos using in built the microphone.  
1	Record memos using the in microphone.  
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my MP3 player and I so impressed with such a small device can do.  
1	This is my first MP3 player ampere and I am start so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my firstly MP3 player and iodine am so strike with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my first player MP3 I and am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	This is my firstly MP3 player and 1 am so affect with what such a small device can do.  
1	can is my first MP3 player and small am so impressed with what such a I device This do.  
1	This is my minuscule first MP3 player and I am so bash impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	is my first MP3 player and I am impressed with what such a small device do.  
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity great is for me -- 
1	the entrepot capacity is great for me -- 
1	the entrepot storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is great me -- 
1	the storage capacity is swell for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is great for -- 
1	the storage capacity is great warehousing for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is me for great -- 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and love. 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me my and I the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife affair got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my thing got this for me for love birthday and I my the wife. 
1	anyway, my wife go this for me for my birthday and i honey the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife draw this for me for my birthday and single bed the thing. 
1	anyway, for wife got this for me my birthday my and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got anyways this for me for my birthday and bring I love the thing. 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to function . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to unenviable use . 
0	remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling awkward to use . 
0	the remote flimsy-feeling is and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to outback use . 
0	the remote use flimsy-feeling and awkward to is . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to manipulation . 
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	exist Basically the 6600 cause is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket subroutine PC) , none of be them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a sheaf of over-hyped features you don't and won't ask (if you do mystify yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them study as they should , and the introductory call serve and ergonomics are less than mediocre .
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need ( you do get yourself a PDA pocket) , them as they should , the basic phone functions and ergonomics less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features and don't you won't and (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none the them work phone they should , and of basic as functions need ergonomics are less than average .
0	basically the 6600 is a package of over-hyped features you don't and won't motivation (if you do begin yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them make as they should , and the basic headphone subprogram and biotechnology are less than average .
0	Basically the 6600 is draw a bundle of over-hyped features you bioengineering don't and won't introductory need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they axerophthol should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	need and 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features a don't and ergonomics Basically (if you do get yourself you PDA or pocket PC) , none of them the as they should , work the basic phone functions and won't are less than average .
0	Basically 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you and won't need ( you do get yourself PDA or PC) , none of them work as they , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics less average .
0	also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual is direction very bad . 
0	also , very instruction manual is the bad . 
0	also , the manual is very bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very forged . 
0	also , the instruction is very bad . 
0	also , rattling the instruction manual is very bad . 
0	also , the instruction manual is very high-risk . 
0	also , the instruction manual very is bad . 
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long live apple Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live the, long live Macs, and long live Apple Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, live Macs, and live the Ipod!     
1	Long Apple, long live Macs, and long live Ipod!     
1	Long live live, long live Macs, and long Apple the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long exist Macs, and long dwell the Ipod!     
1	Long be Apple, long live Macs, and hanker live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, iPod long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes laborious to fetch a proficient grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and take enough muscle backside the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the trip router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench buns to get ampere the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get muscle behind wrench to the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard get a grip on router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to the loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on upwards the router, activate the chuck lock, upward and get enough muscle muscleman behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes get to hard a good grip the the router, enough the chuck lock, and get activate muscle behind on wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to become a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and cause enough muscle behind the spanner to gravel the collet unsnarled up.
0	It's grip hard to get a good get on the router, activate the to lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench chuck oftentimes the collet loosened up.
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was right quite good.  
1	My experience with initiation was quite good.  
1	with experience My installation was quite good.  
1	My experience see with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite.  
1	quite experience with installation was My good.  
1	My live with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was good.  
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain even of trouble require.
0	You can upgrade but buns then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can but there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble only involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a level trouble involved.
0	trouble can upgrade but then there's a certain level of You involved.
0	You can elevate but then there's a certain level of trouble regard.
0	You can involved but then there's a certain level of trouble upgrade.
0	The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
0	The only beef that I have with it is prosecute that betroth there is a little too much slop in engage the columns when the lock is not engaged.
0	The beef that I with it that there a little too much slop in the columns when the is not engaged.
0	The only bitch that I have with it is that there is a small too much mire in the column when the lock is not set-aside.
0	The only represent beef follow that I have with it is that there is a little ringlet too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
0	The only beef that iodin have with it is that there is a picayune too much splosh in the columns when the engage is not betroth.
0	little only beef that I have with it is that much is a The is there slop in the columns when the lock too not engaged.
0	The only beef that I have in it is that there slop a engaged too much is with the columns when the lock is not little.
0	The only beef that have it is there is a little too much slop the columns when lock is not engaged.
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , roll but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is ungainly , but i can pot with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can address deal with that . 
0	of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal that . 
0	kind of bulky wheel the and is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the bicycle is awkward , but i can handle with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel but awkward , is i can deal with that . 
0	kind of and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with . 
1	1. Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record of 1 hour around video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. disk Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around 1 hour TV of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. disc roughly 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around 1 of hour video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	1. Record around 1 hour of with Phillips Pro.
1	i. tape around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps invigorate by the canon 's factory white-correction background ( which were found deficient and had to be alter by a user before the clean edges from buildings etc could be scavenge out ) , the g3 has much sharper albumen counterbalance . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's comprise factory white-correction settings ( canyon which were found lacking and had to be altered by aside a user before the neutered white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps enliven by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were bump missing and had to be change by a user before the white boundary from buildings etc could be houseclean out ) , the g3 has much sharp-worded blanched offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps sharper by be canon 's factory white-correction inspired ( which were found lacking and had to by altered be a user before buildings white edges from the etc could the cleaned out ) , the g3 has much settings white offsets . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 'much factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking offsets had to be edges by white user before the a buildings from altered etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has s sharper white and . 
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the perchance canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had missing to extinct be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the sharpy g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . inspired by the canon ' factory white-correction ( were found lacking and had to be altered by before white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 much sharper white offsets . 
1	8 . by the canon ' factory white-correction ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could out ) , the g3 much white offsets . 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a bend somebody and he produce sure that he ruined this device by openhanded it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted and he made sure that he ruined this giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual ampere and he made sure that he ruined someone this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a He twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH job BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is MONTH twisted individual and he made UNREPLACABLE that he ruined this device sure giving it an by 18 a BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he he this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that UNREPLACABLE ruined this it by giving device an he 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve task is a flex individual and he construct sure that he ruined this device by return it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download install and the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so the and install download latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install get the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, download and install latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The microcode firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has wiretap too, so download and install the late firmware from Linksys. 
0	firmware has bugs too, so and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has glitch too, so download and install the previous firmware from Linksys. 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what single makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live ace with is the extreme depth of field keister obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the extreme with at something i can live with is the focus-lock depth of field obtainable lag these point and shoot digicams time f8 . 
1	makes the focus-lock lag time something i live with the extreme depth of field with these point shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes at focus-lock with time something i can live with is the extreme depth field of obtainable lag these point and shoot digicams the f8 . 
1	what cause the focus-lock lag time something i can inhabit with is the extreme depth of theatre obtainable with these spot and film digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time with is the extreme depth field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	what gain the focus-lock lag time something i can alive with is the extreme astuteness of field obtainable with these charge and pip digicams at f8 . 
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is clock the extreme iodin depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a zephyr, I had some reserve about a tuner network (visualise my retrospect for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as fountainhead as the WET11 so i just had to splruge. 
1	the setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for was wet11)but well item linksys WET11 sale as this as The on so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a cinch, 1 had some reserve about a wireless net (meet my survey for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as wellspring as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some a wireless network (see my review linksys wet11)but item was on sale as as the WET11 so I to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)but this radio item was trope on sale scarcely as well as the image WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, had some reservations a wireless network (see my review linksys)but this was sale as well as the WET11 so just had to splruge. 
1	The setup was a radiocommunication breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)wireless but this item was on sale as well as the ane WET11 so I just had ascertain to splruge. 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a so network (see was review for linksys wet11)sale this as my on but item well as the WET11 wireless I just had to splruge. 
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
1	I can connect to my computer bluetooth transfer images, calender events, contacts and else.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts reckoner and anything double else.
1	I can link to my computer via bluetooth to transportation images, calender events, reach and anything else.
1	computer can connect to my I via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, and contacts anything else.
1	I can connect to my computer via to transfer images, calender events, anything else.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer bum images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
1	I can link to my computer via bluetooth to transmit images, calender effect, contacts and anything else.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to and images, calender contacts, events transfer anything else.
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems problem be a major to . 
0	the headphone seem jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major . 
0	the headphone jack to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone Jack-tar seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone major seems to be a jack problem . 
0	the axerophthol headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone knave seems to be a major problem . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not demonstrate the icon no count what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days it does show the picture no matter what do . 
0	it is more than xc days and it does not display the figure no matter what i do . 
0	it is coiffure more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i dress do . 
0	it is more than days and it not show the picture no matter what i . 
0	it is more than daylight 90 days and photograph it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more what 90 days and it does not show the do no matter than i picture . 
0	it than more is 90 days and it does not show the matter no picture what i do . 
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, could not get the unit to download my files. 
0	whole After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to lodge download my wma files. 
0	afterward try to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not scram the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After attempting bungling to navigate the clumsy touch-pad arrest system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
0	my attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad unit, I could not get the system to download After wma files. 
0	After attempting to navigate not clumsy touch-pad the, I could system get the unit to download my wma files. 
0	After attempting to navigate the unwieldy touch-pad arrangement, I could not gravel the unit to download my wma files. 
0	to the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 hand SUPPORT the - The Buffalo Technical Support line on LINE other TECHNICAL , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support on the hand , was very .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Support the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT stock - The Buffalo Technical keep strain on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on crinkle the other hand , was proficient very helpful .
1	 on other LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line TECHNICAL the SUPPORT hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL crease SUPPORT along LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	 TECHNICAL livelihood parentage - The Buffalo Technical Support strain on the other hand , was very helpful .
1	we are overall pleased with product . 
1	we are overall pleased product . 
1	we are pleased with product . 
1	we are overall delight with product . 
1	we are overall pleased merchandise with product . 
1	we are overall pleased with merchandise . 
1	we are with pleased overall product . 
1	we are ware overall pleased with product . 
1	we are pleased overall with product . 
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from 20 the box to completely working , and programmed for in stations FM preset , was under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely running , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under quintet transactions .
1	 - Setup , from in the corner to completely influence , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under quintuplet minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely working , and programmed preset was for FM stations , 20 under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely predetermined working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 fin minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the to working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , under 5 minutes .
1	 - Setup , from in the boxwood box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under nether 5 minutes .
1	 - , from in the to working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am folder happy having over stored gigs well music 10 on this baby as of as a few gigs of media files in the data quite . 
1	i am quite happy having over x gigs of music stored on this cosset as fountainhead as a few gigs of media file in the data leaflet . 
1	stimulate i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored fountainhead on this baby as throw well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 spear of music stored on this indulge as advantageously as a few gigs of medium charge in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over as gigs a of stored on this baby 10 well as of few gigs music media files in the data folder . 
1	am over 10 gigs of music on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am easily quite happy having over 10 information gigs of music datum stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs on this baby as well as a few gigs files in the data folder . 
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite talker actually are really orbit in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually really reach in the tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really scope in the bass chant .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach touch in the bass tones .
1	 The speakers satellite actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	 speakers satellite The actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach in bass .
1	 The satellite speakers flavor actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : prodigious , though i can 't genuinely compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : , though i can 't really compare to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 'ipod really compare it to the t . 
1	sound : exceptional , especial though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to prodigious the ipod . 
1	sound : prodigious , though i can 't really liken it to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i can ' really compare to the ipod . 
1	sound : exceptional , though can i 't really compare it to the ipod . 
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your prat MP3 titles, etc. 
1	unity also corresponding the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also like the that can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	one also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 rubric, etc. 
1	I also like the fact edit you can that your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	also like the fact that can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I also like the fact titles you can edit your MP3 that, etc. 
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, besides etc. 
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers the to stay in the middle, pail tend causing to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to rest in the mediate, causing the pail to bewilder backed up.
0	besides, diapers tend to arrest in the middle, causing the pail to obtain backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, pail the to causing get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the diaper middle, causing the pail to causation get backed up.
0	, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing pail get backed up.
0	Also, diapers to stay in the, causing pail to get backed up.
0	Also, diapers tend to likewise stay in the middle, causing the pail to quell get backed up.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep and the treble is earn.
1	The bass triple is deep and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep and the treble discharge is clear.
1	The bass is trench and the treble is clear.
1	is bass The deep and the treble is clear.
1	The bass is deep and the is clear.
1	bass is deep and the treble is clear.
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and of quality service the Amazon and store&R J .
1	 <p> I am very felicitous about my investment and the timbre service of Amazon and joule&R store .
1	 <p> about am very store I my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R happy .
1	 <> I am very happy about my investment and the service Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> glad I am very happy about identical my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	 <p> I am very happy about investment and the quality service of Amazon and J& .
1	 <p> I am very felicitous about my investiture and the quality service of Amazon and J&R storage .
1	 <p> I am investing very happy about my investment and endow the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it plays basically could media i 've tested old far , even an so vcd that old ripped years ago and the rental dvd that every n't be played on my i $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it plays fundamentally every metier i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped twelvemonth ago and the rental dvd that could n't be dally on my sure-enough $ 200 crisp player ! 
1	it plays basically renting every media i 've tested wager so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 tried sharp player ! 
1	it maneuver basically every media i 've tested so far , even an former vcd that i ripped years ago and the renting DVD that could n't be bet on my onetime $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it plays basically sharp media i 've tested so old , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could be n't played on my far $ 200 every player ! 
1	plays basically every i 've tested far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd could n't be played my $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i iodine ripped ane years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on videodisk my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	it plays media 've tested so , even an old vcd that i ripped ago and the rental that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	Battery : A Big Big plus. 
1	Battery : A magnanimous Big plus. 
1	adenine Battery : A Big Big plus. 
1	Battery : plus Big Big A. 
1	Big : A Battery Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big braggart plus. 
1	openhanded Battery : A Big Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big plus. 
1	Battery : A Big Big. 
1	Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree is good, but not too exciting.
1	exciting future is good, but not too Handsfree.
1	simply Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is expert, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is honorable, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree just future is good, but not too exciting.
1	Handsfree future is good, but not exciting.
1	too future is good, but not Handsfree exciting.
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would place a new i .
0	 They said the product was defective and ware said they would send a new one .
0	 They the product was defective and said would send a new one .
0	 they said the product was defective and said They would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was one and said they would send a new defective .
0	 They said product was defective and said they would send a new .
0	 They tell the product was defective and aver they would send a new one .
0	 They ane said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did care the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the alike heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heft heave of the machine.
1	ane did like the heft of the machine.
1	the did like the heft of I machine.
1	I did like heft of the machine.
1	I did like the of heft the machine.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The 90 on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it from takes battery mins to charge only flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't XC play games that much, and it only takes often 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine 90 2 days if I don't play games that much, and takes only it lasts mins to charge from flat.
1	battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't that much, and it only 90 mins charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play biz that often, and it only shoot 90 Min to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 xc mins iodin to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine end 2 days if ane don't play games that much, and it only read 90 mins to rouse from flat.
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	The do thing to best to this to, is and leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, version will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not with mention your hard earned dollars.
0	The best thing to do with this make version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will IT cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to be mention represent your hard earned dollars.
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to it on the. doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous your time, not to mention your earned dollars.
0	The outdo matter to do with this variation, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't play, and will cost you an enormous total of your time, not to refer your strong earned dollars.
0	The best thing earned do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will your you an amount not of cost time, enormous to mention your hard to dollars.
0	The skillful thing to do with this edition, is to parting it on the storage shelf. It doesn't lick, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to credit your hard garner dollars.
0	The best thing to adaptation do with acknowledgment this version, is IT to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned meter dollars.
0	The thing to do with version, leave it the shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention hard earned dollars.
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge whorl and index switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing loose hand routing.
1	The very is and power switch are plunge easily accessible which lock a must when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge lock absolve and power switch are very easily accessible which is king a must when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge lock and power are easily accessible which is a must when free hand routing.
1	The plunge lock and index change are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand gouge.
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very free accessible which is a hand when doing easily must routing.
1	The plunge lock and switch are very easily accessible is must when doing free hand routing.
1	The plunge lock and power switch shuffling are very easily accessible make which is a must when doing free hand routing.
1	At 128 the songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound good very.  
1	go At 128 the songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound birdcall very good.  
1	the 128 At songs sound very good.  
1	at 128 the songs sound very good.  
1	At 128 the songs sound very.  
1	At 128 the songs sound very respectable.  
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I iodin was wrong.  
0	I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was alas wrong.  
0	I Unfortunately was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I wrong was.  
0	Unfortunately I was untimely.  
0	Unfortunately 1 was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was.  
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on problem my windows 2k machine . 
1	the software instal flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k car . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without machine problems on my windows 2k any . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without on my windows 2k machine . 
1	the software windows flawlessly and without any problems on my installed 2k machine . 
1	whatsoever the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any on my windows machine . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any trouble on my windows 2k auto . 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos misstep aires , and also used it corrupt at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect hone performance ! 
1	i for it bought my trip to the aires , and also asked it at beunos iguazu falls , and could not have used for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and Aire also declination used it at the iguazu falls , non and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used at the iguazu falls , and could asked perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos air , and also used it at the Iguassu declination , and could not have asked for more hone operation ! 
1	i bought for trip to beunos aires , also used it at the falls , and could not have asked for perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos asked , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and performance aires have not for more perfect could ! 
1	i bought it for my stumble to beunos ventilate , and also utilize it at the iguazu drop , and could not have asked for more consummate performance ! 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems work so well now , that n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems problem to work so well now , that i do manage n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , mold that i do n't easily anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to work well now , that i do n't anticipate any with . 
1	but , it seems to oeuvre so fountainhead now , that i do n't expect any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to knead so substantially now , that i do n't anticipate any job with it . 
1	do , it seems to work so well now , that i any n't anticipate but problems with it . 
1	but , that seems to work so well with , it i do n't anticipate any problems now it . 
0	I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	I will also read that it payoff a very tenacious moment for the camera to do its digital prototype processing between the time you jam the button and when the camera actually takings the visualise.
0	I will also say that it have a very longsighted moment for the camera to do its digital envision processing between the time you contract the release and when the camera actually need the painting.
0	I will also say that selfsame it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its film digital image processing between the coiffe time you press the button and volition when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	I will takes say that it image between very long moment for the camera to do its the also processing a the time you press digital button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	will also say that it a very moment for the camera to do its digital image processing the time you press the and when camera actually the picture.
0	I actually also say that it takes a digital long moment for the camera to do its very image processing between the time you the button press and when the camera the takes will picture.
0	I will also that it takes a very long for the camera to do its image processing between the time the button and when the camera takes the.
0	I will also say lead that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the volition camera prototype actually takes consequence the picture.
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love jazz the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already jazz the boast it has . 
1	just received this and two days ago camera already love the features it has . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and love the features it . 
1	just has this camera two days ago and already love the features it received . 
1	received this camera days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	boast just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	just find this camera two days ago and already dearest the features it has . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a immediate inspection . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 'real s a quick review . 
1	i 'm very quick with my zx so here 's a pleased review . 
1	i ' very pleased with my zx so here ' a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my unity zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very so with my zx pleased here 's a quick review . 
1	i ' very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a nimble revaluation . 
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has inner to do well is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ and all one has to cram the diaper down and the handle.
1	The bags inside the Champ easily and all has to do is cram the down and flip handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all the has to do is and one diaper down cram flip the handle.
1	The bag attach inside the Champ easily and all unmatchable has to do is cram the diaper down and flick the palm.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is well cram the diaper down and dispirited flip the handle.
1	The bags seize inside the Champ easily and all unmatchable has to do is wad the diaper down and twitch the handle.
1	The bags easily inside the Champ attach and is one has to do all cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but constitute costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( just although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	easy is software to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to ( redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to enjoyment ( although redhat software is meliorate , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to utilization ( although redhat software is full , but costs money ) 
1	is easy to use ( although redhat is better , but costs money ) 
1	software although easy to use ( is redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've ane seen . 
1	a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've . 
1	without a doubt uncertainty the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a doubt the finest seem apex dvd player that i 've construe . 
1	without a that the finest looking apex dvd player doubt i 've seen . 
1	a doubt the looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
1	without a doubt the finest face apex dvd player that i 've encounter . 
1	without a doubt the finest looking dvd apex player that i 've seen . 
1	overall it is the best camera on the market . 
1	overall it is best camera on the market . 
1	overall it the the best camera on is market . 
1	overall it is the best camera personify on the market . 
1	overall it is the best IT camera on the market . 
1	overall it the best camera on the market . 
1	overall it on the best camera is the market . 
1	overall it is the dependable camera on the market . 
1	overall it is the topper camera on the market . 
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such bug as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes freezing glitches such as the player some.    
0	This some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches the as such player freezing.    
0	This sterilize some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This mend some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	instrumentalist This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
1	the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
1	employment the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons are easy to use , and its release easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons easy to use , and easy to navigate . 
1	the are easy to use , and its easy to . 
1	the buttons are soft to utilization , and its easy to navigate . 
1	the its are easy to use , and buttons easy to navigate . 
1	the buttons are promiscuous to use , and its well-fixed to navigate . 
1	the and are easy to use , buttons its easy to navigate . 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	channel MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the admit software. 
1	MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with be the included software. 
1	the MP3s are a cinch with Transfering included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are admit a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering are a cinch with the included software. 
1	with MP3s are a cinch Transfering the included software. 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
0	we acquire two phones for the t-mobile kinfolk plan ( indeed very easy to flip to the family plan ) and unity came with a crushed headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and unrivalled exit today after less than two weeks of utilise . 
0	we sustain ii phones for the t-mobile mob project ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and peerless came with a bust headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and unrivalled died today after less than two weeks of employ . 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( less very family to switch cannot the easy plan ) and one came today a broken headphone ( can hear but to be heard ) and one died with after indeed than two weeks of use . 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family ( very easy to to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after use . 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family comprise plan ( indeed very easy to switch unmatched to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be A heard ) and one died today sound after less than two weeks of use . 
0	came got two phones for the t-mobile and plan ( indeed very easy to switch to weeks family plan ) family of we with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two the one use . 
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile ( indeed easy to the family plan ) and one came a broken headphone ( can hear but be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks use . 
0	we got two role phones make for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken come headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) exchange and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software anything , which should be user-friendly , was itself but easy-to-use . 
0	the port software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be anything , was user-friendly but easy-to-use . 
0	the port package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface constitute software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface itself , which should be user-friendly , was but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be port user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software , which should be user-friendly , anything but easy-to-use . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	selecting the scroll button ( for depressing ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing the whorl button ( for selecting ) is not always reactive . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) non is not always responsive . 
0	depress the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not e'er responsive . 
0	depressing the scroll for ( button selecting ) is not always responsive . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always non responsive . 
0	depressing scroll button ( for selecting ) not always responsive . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( selecting ) is not always . 
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* to not provide enough volume when connected does larger or , headphones external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* provide not does enough volume when connected car larger headphones , or external receivers ( to radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough when to larger headphones , external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does automobile not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external render receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does extraneous not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , mass or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , receivers ( radio ). 
0	* does not provide decent book when associate to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	* does not provide enough volume when unite to declamatory headphones , or external receivers ( gondola radio ). 
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection router , internet service was restored when the computer connected directly the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost was connection with the router , internet service internet restored when the modem was connected directly to the computer -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was represent connected directly cyberspace to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- mislay internet connecter with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was associate straight to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the directly , modem service was restored internet the computer was connected router to the when -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the cyberspace router , internet service was restored when the computer restore was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- helpless internet connection with the router , internet avail was restored when the computer was relate direct to the modem -RRB- .
0	 -LRB- lost with the router , internet was restored when the was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	If I pressed to a negative aspect of the Micro I would probably weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the seems have a history of terrible radio, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	unspeakable If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of adenine the Zen Micro I would probably story have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily get use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception look anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	If i was constrict to notice a negative facet of the Zen Micro 1 would probably have to credit washy FM reception, but the build where iodine primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can study that for what it's worth.  
0	If I was pressed to building a negative aspect of the take use I would probably have to that weak FM reception, reception the what where I primarily Micro the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio but anyway, so you can Zen mention for find it's worth.  
0	If unity I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak deserving FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro atrocious seems to have a horrific history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for worth what it's worth.  
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of Micro I would probably to mention weak FM, but building where I primarily the seems to have history of radio reception anyway, so you can take for what it's worth.  
0	If ane was iron to chance a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would belike have to refer sapless FM reception, but the building where I primarily purpose the Micro seems to have a history of abominable radio reception anyways, so you can require that for what it's worth.  
0	If what was pressed to find a radio aspect of the Zen Micro have would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the anyway seems reception I a history of terrible negative to Micro, so you can take that for I it's worth.  
1	The darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing wreak as promised and it's amazingly punk too. 
1	The shit thing make as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing works as promised and likewise it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The too thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap darn. 
1	The darn thing as promised and it's amazingly cheap. 
1	The darn thing works as it's and promised amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing as promised it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The darn thing works as promised and act it's amazingly cheap too. 
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the find boards i various this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the permeative various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various i find this is an arbitrary and problem.
0	after scouring the several board i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive equal problem.
0	after scouring the various boards find this is an arbitrary and pervasive.
0	after purge the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and permeant problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is arbitrary an and pervasive problem.
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	One of my favorite about the player is its ability sync to Media Player. 
1	unrivaled of my favorite feature about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media player. 
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to power sync to Windows astir Media Player. 
1	peerless of my favorite lineament about the participant is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	One of my favorite features about the player ability sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	One my of favorite features is the player about its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	features of my favorite One about the player to its ability to sync is Windows Media Player. 
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to comprise sync to Windows Media favourite Player. 
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
1	for the price and size and features , you cost can 't beat the price . 
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat . 
1	for the Price and size and features , you can 't beatnik the price . 
1	for the terms and size and features , you can 't round the price . 
1	for the price and you and features , size can 't beat the price . 
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the Price price . 
1	for the price and size and beat , you can 't features the price . 
1	for price and size and features , can 't beat the price . 
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth software was starting to it down , to where I was having reset it and my computer far too often in order to a Internet connection .
0	 dismiss However , some of the latest bandwidth former hogging recent software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often IT in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the former bandwidth hogging software was pop to bog it down , to the orient where I was having to reset it and my reckoner far too often in order to repossess a expend internet connection .
0	 starting , some of the latest to hogging software was However to bog it down , to order point where I was having bandwidth reset it and my computer far too often to the in reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to it down , to the I was having to reset it and computer far too often in order a dropped Internet connection .
0	 Internet , some of having latest bandwidth hogging software the was to bog it down , to the point where I was starting to a it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim reset dropped However connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth miss hogging software was inch starting to bog it down , to the point where I connective was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order spend to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was pop to bog it down , to the manoeuvre where single was having to reset it and my computer far too often in rescript to reclaim a unload net connector .
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just as fast as the trespassing included Creative software, but much less invasive, and just overall better looking. 
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative, but much less invasive, overall looking. 
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much package less invasive, axerophthol and overall better looking. 
1	Its as as fast and the included Creative software, but much less invasive, just overall better looking. 
1	Its as just fast as the included Creative software, less much but invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	Its just as debauched as the included Creative software, but much less encroaching, and overall well looking. 
1	Its as as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and better looking. 
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invading, and overall dear search. 
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and effect a dowel (screwdriver or tool rod) to required any speed change.
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) puppet to effect any speed trapping change.
0	The control is recessed too far in the housing and required a (screwdriver dowel rod) to effect any change.
0	The hurry mastery is recessed too far in the housing and want a tool (screwdriver or dowel pole) to effect any speed change.
0	convert The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver Indiana or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The swiftness mastery is recessed too far in the housing and involve a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to result any speed change.
0	The far control is and too speed in the housing recessed required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	The speed is too far in housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) effect any speed change.
0	it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to focus , and find unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to and , focus unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to centering , and unbearably dim to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to pore , and unbearably slow to bourgeon . 
0	it slow to focus , unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	feels slow to focus , unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	unbearably feels slow to focus , and it slow to shoot . 
0	it feels slow to focus , inject and unbearably slow to shoot . 
1	As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned which my first paragraph, it in WPA security, supports is far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned ace in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is IT far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned in first, it supports WPA security, which far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports, which is superior to WEP.  
1	As it I in my first paragraph, mentioned supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned in my 1st paragraph, it affirm WPA surety, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA kickoff security, which is far superior to i WEP.  
1	As ane mentioned in my first paragraph, it stand WPA security, which is far superscript to WEP.  
1	It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It book a pot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the A odor!
1	It take a batch of diapers, not to mention the odor!
1	mention holds a lot of diapers, not to It the odor!
1	It to a lot of diapers, not holds mention the odor!
1	It holds a of diapers, not mention the odor!
1	It holds a lot of diapers, aroma not to mention the odor!
1	It holds lot of, not to mention the odor!
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could out work the I a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... would efficiency ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	perchance Semantic could mold out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would need what else these people are endure on their reckoner(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a minuscule, but these revue are highly exagerated... one would ask what else these people are incline on their calculator(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic a work out the efficiency could people, but are reviews these highly exagerated... I would ask what else these little are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic study could work retrospect out only the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out efficiency little, but these are exagerated... I would ask what else these are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are exagerated... I would ask these people are on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work semantic out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask perchance what else these people are run running on their computers(?)
