1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't reek like burning plastic when you undefendable the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like sunburn plastic when you spread the drive . 
1	it does n't smell same burning plastic when you open the take . 
1	it does n't spirit like burning plastic when you candid the drive . 
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	entirely thing I don't ilk about it is easy in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has trouble connect thru bluetooth.
0	lone thing single don't corresponding about it is slow in changing apps, reboot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	lonesome thing I don't like about it is slack in vary apps, boot up, and sometime it has trouble connect thru bluetooth.
0	solely thing I don't like about it is behind in transfer apps, boot up, and sometime it has trouble connect thru bluetooth.
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heave of the machine.
1	I did like the heftiness of the machine.
1	I did like the ponderosity of the machine.
1	ace did like the heft of the machine.
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! ace foretell Symantic and they enjoin they don't recognise why but I should make Tech's backing at $thirty-five/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill ane hung up!
0	Im at full-of-the-moon capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they order they don't bonk why but iodine should start Tech's funding at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill ane attend up!
0	Im at replete capacity!!!! I scream Symantic and they said they don't fuck why but I should have Tech's supporting at $35/hr to assistant!! single did visit them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at wide capacity!!!! I visit Symantic and they said they don't fuck why but I should go Tech's confirm at $35/hr to help!! i did phone them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill one hung up!
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the balmy start helped before it guide the wood and tossed it or worse slip, a finger.
0	Luckily the piano jump helped before it took the wood and thresh it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft initiate helped before it consider the wood and pitch it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft originate helped before it read the wood and tossed it or worse vitrine, a finger.
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are rattling close-fitting to one another , and have unconventional cast , so it remove a openhanded getting used to for someone like me with gravid custody . 
0	this model does have the traditional primal arranging , it 's just that they are really unaired to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it conduct a big getting habituate to for someone like me with swelled men . 
0	this modeling does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really skinny to unrivaled another , and have unconventional soma , so it bring a crowing make used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this mold does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it conduct a full-grown vex put-upon to for soul like me with full-grown hands . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i drive outdoor photograph with plenty of illumine and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i guide outdoor photos with spate of lightheaded and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i strike outdoor photos with plenty of promiscuous and the objects were n't run , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with mint of igniter and the aim were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video calibre is ok.
1	Picture and video quality is alright.
1	depict and video quality is ok.
1	render and video quality is ok.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I reckon it is a combination of the program size select up resources and the clear/closing scanning that it does with every program.
0	I suppose it is a combination of the program sizing taking up resources and the open/closelipped scanning that it does with every curriculum.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size choose up resources and the loose/close rake that it does with every plan.
0	iodin cerebrate it is a combination of the program size learn up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every curriculum.
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality intersection , delivered on time , buy this nonpareil .
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on sentence , buy this unrivaled .
1	 If you want a quality product , present on time , buy this ace .
1	 If you want a select product , delivered on time , buy this matchless .
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this earpiece has a very cool and useful characteristic -- the speakerphone . 
1	this earpiece has a very sang-froid and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very poise and utile feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this ring has a very cool and utilitarian feature -- the speakerphone . 
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a boastfully routine of competetors are doing
0	 gip: No personify/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 memorise: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a vauntingly number of competetors are doing
0	 yardbird: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a expectant number of competetors are doing
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	What an climb!!!
1	What an elevate!!!
1	What an promote!!!
1	What an rise!!!
1	 The player is great. 
1	 The player is capital. 
1	 The player is gravid. 
1	 The player is heavy. 
1	 The thespian is great. 
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My bountiful problem with this utterer is the incompatibility with my 2nd genesis iPod Nano .
0	 My enceinte problem with this loudspeaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd propagation iPod Nano .
0	 My giving problem with this loudspeaker is the incompatibility with my 2d generation iPod Nano .
0	 My liberal problem with this verbalizer is the incompatibility with my 2nd propagation iPod Nano .
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some inquiry on the profit, I observe that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G conception (WRT54G, version trine, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the Net, I learn that there is indeed a defect with the current WRT54G purpose (WRT54G, adaptation 3, which Amazon currently betray).  
0	After some research on the Net, ace reveal that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, variant trinity, which Amazon presently sells).  
0	afterwards some research on the lucre, I hear that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, reading trinity, which Amazon currently sells).  
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I ascertain it very stable and easy to consumption, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I pauperization to apply a mass of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to catch your hack.
1	I find it very stable and well-heeled to use, it doesn't jump around or puddle me feel like I need to usage a allot of arm intensity to keep it under control, and  it has very sound visibility to learn your rationalize.
1	I uncovering it very stable and well-fixed to use, it doesn't jump around or shuffling me feel like I need to use a mess of arm strength to livelihood it under control, and  it has very well visibility to construe your track.
1	ace find it very stable and comfortable to expend, it doesn't jump around or wee me feel like ane need to use a wad of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very sound visibility to understand your emasculated.
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker cable is very slenderize .
0	 The only drawback is the speaker telegram is very slim .
0	 The only drawback is the talker electrify is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the verbalizer wire is very slim .
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it attend very cool , and seems quite small to me and very lite . 
1	it bet very cool , and seems quite small to me and very perch . 
1	it expect very poise , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite minuscule to me and very lighter . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	look like a well deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize videodisk and music cds -- read a long metre loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a full deal , but this pos frequently cannot realise dvds and music cds -- lead a long time dilute and then close , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good mint , but this pos frequently cannot realize dvds and music cds -- aim a longsighted time lade and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a sound treat , but this pos frequently cannot spot dvds and music cds -- need a long sentence loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 act like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 crop like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked alike a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked wish a charm last year.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I foretell it cease and will be sending this awful , deceptive product punt .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I ring it quits and will be sending this dreaded , deceptive product indorse .
0	 Exasperated at 3 cost , 1 promise it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 exist , one called it stop and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you clench the ringlet button down for too foresightful , it support proceed past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you clutch the scroll release down for too long , it sustain die past the song you may have wanted to stoppage on . 
0	another irriation is that if you defy the roll button down for too foresighted , it livelihood run past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps die past the vocal you whitethorn have require to kibosh on . 
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	do not buy this intersection -- 
0	do not buy this merchandise -- 
0	do not buy this ware -- 
0	do not purchase this product -- 
1	I love this camera.
1	I beloved this camera.
1	I honey this camera.
1	I jazz this camera.
1	one love this camera.
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The depiction are a little dark sometimes.
0	The impression are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little morose sometimes.
0	The pictures are a little sinister sometimes.
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a hone phone for those of US with no solitaire for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a perfect headphone for those of u with no patience for flick . 
1	other than that , this is a stark phone for those of US with no patience for tack . 
1	other than that , this is a unadulterated phone for those of USA with no patience for flip-flop . 
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and commission were well-situated to understand , eventide for an older guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and management were easygoing to understand , level for an old guy comparable me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the portion and directions were well-to-do to understand , even for an Old Guy like me .
1	 It was soft to install all of the constituent and directions were easy to realise , eve for an old guy like me .
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some high to the 2004 edition, but mostly first.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 variation, but mostly first.
0	there are some highs to the 2004 version, but mostly lows.
0	thither are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly low.
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 accompaniment only midi files.
0	T610 stand only midi files.
0	T610 stomach only midi files.
0	T610 supports only midi charge.
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the beguile is that , while it run movies just fine , it has refused to interpret instant platter with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i sample to do that . 
0	the enamor is that , while it act movies just delicately , it has refused to read second disc with the movie " supernumerary " on them on the two occaisions when i sample to do that . 
0	the match is that , while it bet movies just alright , it has deny to say second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i essay to do that . 
0	the overhear is that , while it shimmer movie just fine , it has refused to say s discs with the movie " extras " on them on the ii occaisions when i tried to do that . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the curl tab is modal , however , not difficult to enjoyment or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the gyre tab is average , yet , not difficult to apply or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is intermediate , withal , not difficult to habituate or horrible . 
1	as oftentimes mentioned , the scroll tablet is middling , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i render called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i stress called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no aid . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no service . 
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should consecrate us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give USA all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should grant us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should hold us all a refund and apology!
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do it over, i wouldn't corrupt anything else.
1	If iodin had to do it over, ane wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If iodine had to do it over, I wouldn't purchase anything else.
1	If single had to do it over, one wouldn't buy anything else.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I determine it a act difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my recital spectacles on.
0	I find it a bit difficult to wangle the very tiny buttons and unimaginable to read the image without my read glasses on.
0	I find it a mo difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and inconceivable to register the icons without my reading glass on.
0	I find it a number difficult to wangle the very tiny button and impossible to scan the icons without my reading glasses on.
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the deuce boastful things is the excellent run speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is recognize for in the gsm phones they shit ... 
1	the two bountiful things is the excellent influence speakerphone " dissimilar the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is know for in the gsm phones they realise ... 
1	the two braggy things is the excellent knead speakerphone " dissimilar the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is fuck for in the gsm phones they cause ... 
1	the two handsome thing is the excellent ferment speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is jazz for in the gsm phones they pee ... 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, smash trim design. 
0	What I dont like: nothing much except earphone, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: null much except Headphones, Belt clip project. 
0	What one dont like: zero much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speaker are very low and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils tiptop and keister out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not cover loud volume gracefully as voice volute top and tush out , they curtail the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handgrip loud loudness gracefully as voice coil top and bottom out , they trot the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle brassy volume gracefully as voice handbuild summit and fathom out , they clip the audio .
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x ocular zoom , which is modal for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical surge , which is medium for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical surge , which is norm for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x visual zoom , which is average for these camera . 
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very unspoiled choice for anyone who has a pocket-size portable computer and require a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very unspoilt option for anyone who has a minuscule portable computer and deficiency a lapdesk and extraneous speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very unspoilt pick for anyone who has a minuscule portable computer and desire a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 altogether in all , this is a very practiced option for anyone who has a humble portable computer and deprivation a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the kickoff few hebdomad , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd actor with a stylish slim shell as advertize . 
1	for the maiden few weeks , this player was everything i look it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd thespian with a stylish slim lawsuit as push . 
1	for the showtime few weeks , this player was everything i anticipate it to be , an affordable multi-format DVD player with a stylish slight lawsuit as advertised . 
1	for the world-class few weeks , this player was everything i gestate it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd histrion with a stylish slim shell as push . 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , given to be a footling buttoned-down , but this product really deserves five genius .
1	 I 'm not easily imprint by electronics , tending to be a little cautious , but this product real deserves cinque stars .
1	 I 'm not easily ingrain by electronics , tending to be a little conservativist , but this product really deserves quint wizard .
1	 I 'm not easily move by electronics , tending to be a short conservative , but this product real deserves 5 stars .
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine finish 2 days if I don't sport games that much, and it only takes ninety mins to file from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 daylight if iodin don't gambol games that much, and it only hire 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts ii days if I don't play games that much, and it only convey 90 Fukkianese to agitate from flat.
1	The battery on mine survive 2 days if I don't romp games that much, and it only require 90 mins to shoot from flat.
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music compeer jukebox is n't the capital , the look funtion is n't riotous even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music correspond jukebox is n't the superlative , the search funtion is n't degenerate eventide when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music fit jukebox is n't the expectant , the lookup funtion is n't fast still when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the explore funtion is n't loyal eve when accessing it with the hotkey cutoff . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it acquire a while for the camera to actually charm the photograph from the time you cluck the release and i have assure people becoming a little impatient waiting for the twinkling to luminescence . 
0	2 . it conduct a while for the camera to actually appropriate the photo from the time you click the button and i have figure people get a little impatient wait for the garish to glow . 
0	2 . it engage a while for the camera to actually appropriate the shoot from the time you click the clit and i have visit people becoming a piddling impatient waiting for the dart to glow . 
0	2 . it lease a while for the camera to actually conquer the photograph from the time you dog the button and i have image people becoming a little impatient look for the flare to lambency . 
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the organisation was obtuse so ane purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and supplant the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was boring so unity purchased a 4gb tup from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the scheme .
0	 I palpate the system was dim so unity purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replace the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I palpate the system was easy so I purchased a 4gb drive from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that get with the system .
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I pronounce adequate because it was enough to obtain wireless solve, but nowhere near adequate instruction to do the proper configuration job that iodine could have done if so!
0	I say passable because it was enough to have wireless running, but nowhere about enough direction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I state adequate because it was enough to get wireless mould, but nowhere most enough education to do the proper contour job that I could have done if so!
0	one allege adequate because it was enough to take wireless process, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have fare if so!
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not notwithstanding victimised all the boast, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rock'n'roll.  
1	ace have not yet used all the sport, corresponding the calendar, etc, but as a music instrumentalist this little thing rocks.  
1	i have not notwithstanding victimised all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing shake.  
1	iodine have not however used all the features, same the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little matter rocks.  
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not certain why all the unsound retrospect, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad follow-up, my computer isn't peculiarly decelerate down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reappraisal, my computer isn't especially slacken down and iodine have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the tough recap, my computer isn't especially retard down and I have Win'98.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it ease beat after using it for a piddling while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it silent bewilder after using it for a piffling while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it yet baffle after using it for a footling while.
0	After repeatly cleanup and recleaning, it quieten stuck after employ it for a little while.
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and hire obtain expend to but the included pdf instructions cross the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a mo tricky and yield drive ill-used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a prick tricky and takes flummox expend to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation jolly well . 
0	seafaring is a bit tricky and read bewilder used to but the included pdf teaching cover the operation pretty well . 
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after consider my needs further and researching the market, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the market, ane decided on the s100.
1	after deal my inevitably further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after think my motivation further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It would not flow up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on birdsong.
0	It would not hang up on promise.
0	It would not knack up on calls.
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It face nice and sleek and the blue downplay sluttish looks awesome against the black. 
1	It flavour nice and sleek and the blue background ignitor looks awesome against the dark. 
1	It front dainty and sleek and the blue background alight looks awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background sparkle aspect awesome against the melanise. 
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The exposure in the address leger are awful scaled too; they looking as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the accost Book are abysmally scaled too; they expression as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the reference Scripture are awfully scaled too; they feeling as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the treat Book are awful scaled too; they wait as though they were built out of legos.
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's allay ace of the diminished 2MP digital camera on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still unmatchable of the minuscule 2MP digital camera on the market, and absolutely unmatched of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's unruffled one of the humble 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely I of the best-built most fashionable cameras ever.
1	It's unruffled one of the pocket-sized 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely ane of the best-built most stylish camera ever.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts Superior good prize than the ipod , however it compromises a burn of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound choice than the ipod , nevertheless it compromise a bit of the whole 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx brag superior level-headed quality than the iPod , still it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx vaunt superior effectual prime than the ipod , however it compromises a scrap of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great audio ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; secure software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple trifle modes 
1	great sound ; estimable interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; goodness software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple trifle modes 
1	great sound ; right interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; well software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play mood 
1	great sound ; skillful interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; salutary software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple fun modes 
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only affair missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing lacking from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing lose from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing neglect from creative is a cd burner . 
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is cracking .
1	 The Audio Cube is majuscule .
1	 The Audio cube is great .
1	 The audio Cube is great .
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read mightily a suitcase, something a boy would contain ten marbles in) and test to walk it off as the cause. 
0	The boxwood included a little polyester, pull-string bagful, (yes, you read redress a BAG, something a boy would bear ten marbles in) and tries to die it off as the fount. 
0	The corner included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you scan rightfulness a bag, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and adjudicate to go it off as the case. 
0	The loge included a little polyester, pull-string pocket, (yes, you read ripe a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and effort to evanesce it off as the face. 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the PC suite , i.e. loose ringtones from midi files , gratuitous graphics from any visualise on your reckoner , and if you live how to program jme you can even induce your own apps / plot . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc cortege , i.east. unloosen ringtones from midi files , unblock graphics from any fancy on your figurer , and if you jazz how to program jme you can even wee-wee your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. exempt ringtones from midi files , disembarrass graphics from any show on your reckoner , and if you bonk how to program jme you can yet pee your own apps / back . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.eastward. costless ringtones from midi files , barren graphic from any figure on your computer , and if you hump how to program jme you can even establish your own apps / stake . 
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds breastfeed ! 
0	but the earbuds draw ! 
0	but the earbuds imbibe ! 
0	but the earbuds sucking ! 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading reassessment of LCD problems, loopy, bleak blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very special problem. 
0	After reading retrospect of LCD job, chapped, black blobs etc, I estimate that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, alligatored, disgraceful blobs etc, ace envision that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	afterward reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, opprobrious spot etc, I figured that it was probably a very determine problem. 
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one ease crop fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one however works fine , the other quit after one daylight . 
0	peerless still sour fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	unrivaled still operate fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , do playlists from the computer can be complicated because the track are listed severally , and are organised by cd , which are not listed but are orchestrate in alphabetical consecrate . 
0	finally , piddle playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are lean singly , and are coordinate by Cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical ordinate . 
0	finally , pretend playlist from the computer can be complicated because the traverse are listed individually , and are prepare by cadmium , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical lodge . 
0	ultimately , stimulate playlists from the computer can be complicated because the cover are listed individually , and are organised by cd , which are not listed but are form in alphabetical prescribe . 
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to Adam through the netgear jinnee puppet through the ISP and involve all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to X through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and admit all the surplus steps would be far easily .
0	 WITHOUT having to last through the netgear genie shaft through the ISP and demand all the extra steps would be far good .
0	 WITHOUT having to offer through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and shoot all the duplicate steps would be far skilful .
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	1 function the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I consumption the scented bag and even if I don't no smell!
1	I employment the sweet bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and eventide if i don't no smell!
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only exit is with updating firmware .
0	 Only proceeds is with updating firmware .
0	 Only subject is with updating firmware .
0	 solely issue is with updating firmware .
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	The photo prime is amazing. 
1	The photo quality is astonish. 
1	The photo quality is awe-inspiring. 
1	The picture quality is amazing. 
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 superstar performance. 
1	Another quint star performance. 
1	Another quintet star performance. 
1	Another quintuplet star performance. 
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The frame-up shape awesome, as with any tool I seem close at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a unanimous.
1	The setup workings awesome, as with any tool 1 look closely at the individual pecker for it's merits, and not just the accompany as a completely.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any joyride ace appear closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the companionship as a unhurt.
1	The setup works awful, as with any pecker I look closely at the item-by-item joyride for it's merits, and not just the company as a solid.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only manner my pc internet employment is if I surface the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only means my pc internet works is if I exposed the Firewall Program conformation and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet cultivate is if I open the Firewall Program contour and manually freshen it.
0	The only way my pc internet go is if single undefended the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to enunciate it's one of the unspoiled buy I've ever cook.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's I of the salutary buy I've ever shit.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to state it's one of the right buy I've ever ca-ca.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to tell it's ace of the ripe purchases I've ever defecate.  
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	First four months it was in our bedchamber and we did not even sense any odor.
1	firstly iv months it was in our bedroom and we did not tied smell any odor.
1	firstly quaternary months it was in our bedroom and we did not tied smell any odor.
1	showtime quatern months it was in our bedroom and we did not even scent any odor.
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experience odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced aroma from the pail.
1	We've never experienced scent from the pail.
1	We've never receive odor from the pail.
1	I love this pail!
1	I fuck this pail!
1	I jazz this pail!
1	I love this pailful!
1	unity love this pail!
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the effective smash for the clam . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the ripe thrill for the shoot . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the trump jazz for the clam . 
1	equate to everything else in this category , this is most definately the honest clap for the buck . 
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do employ it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it is arrant . 
1	but for what i do use it is sodding . 
1	but for what i do use it is staring . 
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard parapraxis top with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard sideslip track with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slew incubate with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip overlay with a squeamish layered box casing inside.  
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file rending/transfering software that comes with the player is sluttish to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the musician is easy to expend. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is well-to-do to usage. 
1	The lodge ripping/shift software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is special, lasting foresighted than the 8-10 hour that seem sensible with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery liveliness is exceptional, lasting recollective than the 8-10 hours that seem fairish with most medicine players on the market.  
1	bombardment lifetime is exceptional, survive foresighted than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	shelling animation is exceptional, lasting foresighted than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music participant on the market.  
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i guess this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's bighearted flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's bounteous flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's self-aggrandising flaw . 
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also entrust a conk smell in the room.  
0	The product also leave a faint sense in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a syncope odor in the room.  
0	The production also leaves a faint reek in the room.  
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	Indiana myopic, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	indium shortstop, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	inward little, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	inwards light, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been bad on earbuds - they're just not that well-situated.
0	get-go of all, I've never been crowing on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	inaugural of all, I've never been freehanded on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	low of all, I've never been handsome on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are fairly crap , supercede them . 
0	yeah i concur the earbuds are pretty horseshit , replace them . 
0	yeah i gibe the earbuds are pretty turd , replace them . 
0	yeah i gibe the earbuds are somewhat crap , replace them . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped meet higher figure scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ trey months , it stoppped dally higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ trine months , it stoppped playing higher total scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ trine months , it stoppped run higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would break it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will plausibly flummox better after a few kick cycles.  
0	I would establish it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably stick better after a few agitate bike.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will plausibly arrest near after a few lodge cycles.  
0	I would impart it about half-dozen or 7 hours, although it will probably pose unspoilt after a few charge cycles.  
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to determine up , no big pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , enceinte terms for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no spoilt pixels , heavy price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 well-fixed to set up , no bad pixels , dandy price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total cost with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (gratuitous shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (rid shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total terms with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't ensure any problems yet, but if you don't wish to tinker a scrap, this histrion can be a little challenging to readiness up.  
0	I haven't envision any problems yet, but if you don't comparable to tinker a second, this player can be a picayune challenging to position up.  
0	I haven't visit any problems notwithstanding, but if you don't like to tinker a turn, this participant can be a little challenging to do up.  
0	I haven't visit any problems yet, but if you don't similar to tinker a snatch, this player can be a little ambitious to plant up.  
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color residue is perfect, and the focussing is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color residuum is perfect, and the focus is swell.
1	They are razor sharp, the colouration balance is perfect, and the centering is great.
1	They are razor tart, the color balance is perfect, and the concenter is great.
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High caliber video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video and ikon rock!
1	high-pitched quality video and pictures rock!
1	mellow quality video and pictures rock!
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fasten some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player immobilise.    
0	This jam some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This set some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circle board that the headphone jack is join to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit room that the headphone laborer is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circumference board that the headphone diddly-squat is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the lap board that the headphone jack is colligate to. 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has pot of trivial cute have , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.tocopherol. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has sight of small cute feature , my favorite being the punt and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has slew of little cute sport , my favored being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.einsteinium. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has spate of piddling cute features , my deary being the games and the pim ( personal information coach -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I commute this from an LG that iodin bribe for nearly twice as much and the emblazon on the LG were not at all as dainty as this .
1	 I interchange this from an LG that one buy for nearly doubly as often and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I switch this from an LG that 1 bought for intimately twice as much and the vividness on the LG were not at all as dainty as this .
1	 iodin exchange this from an LG that I bought for nearly doubly as much and the color on the LG were not at all as Nice as this .
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag blue-pencil is a strong peak , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag delete is a strong tip , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong bespeak , as comfortably . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong designate , as considerably . 
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical backup rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical documentation rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support uncivil and unhelpful .
0	 Technical sustenance rude and unhelpful .
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's illuminate weight enough to consider with you everywhere , but powerful enough to bring outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light angle decent to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to stick outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight decent to shoot with you everywhere , but powerful enough to arrest outstanding pix . 
1	it 's swooning weight enough to choose with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get undischarged pix . 
0	The price is $... more.
0	The cost is $... more.
0	The damage is $... more.
0	The terms is $... more.
0	The toll is $... more.
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very easy to commute bits without removing the router from the postpone and the diaphysis lock function great.
1	It is very easy to commute bits without removing the router from the table and the calamus lock deeds dandy.
1	It is very easy to transfer bits without removing the router from the table and the calamus lock influence nifty.
1	It is very gentle to change bits without off the router from the table and the shaft ringlet exercise great.
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from hurry, the signal is consistent and bring without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is coherent and crop without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and exploit without suspension, etc. 
1	Apart from upper, the signal is consistent and act without interruptions, etc. 
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one auto never seemed to acquit like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to bear like you'd wait.
0	Multiple users on unity machine never seemed to behave like you'd await.
0	multiple user on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not apply you the pick of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	alas, it does not hold you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	regrettably, it does not break you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	unluckily, it does not collapse you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've pose a dependable router & a squeamish table to order it in & I same that.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line pattern I've bring a estimable router & a prissy table to put it in & iodin like that.
1	So for the money it costs for unmatchable of those top-of-the-line simulate I've come a safe router & a nice table to pose it in & I like that.
1	So for the money it price for one of those top-of-the-line modelling I've stupefy a good router & a nice table to cast it in & I alike that.
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not feed it fivesome whiz: the claim battery life of dozen hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever partake the player, but in material life I can credibly pose 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not hand it 5 mavin: the claimed battery biography of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and mind continuously for XII hours without ever touching the player, but in veridical life ace can probably let 6-8 minute at most. 
0	The only reason for not render it 5 stars: the claimed bombardment animation of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really baby-sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever reach the player, but in substantial living I can credibly puzzle 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reasonableness for not giving it quint champion: the claimed shelling life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible perhaps if you really sit down and listen ceaselessly for 12 hours without ever adjoin the player, but in real life I can belike contract 6-8 hours at most. 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this actor is a great deal and i actually love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a corking plow and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a gravid handle and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a outstanding lot and i really love it . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is approve ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not horrible ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not surly ) . 
1	the appearing is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the merchandise to form soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to cultivate soo unsound , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the production to work soo high-risk , but it just did n't .
0	 one wanted the product to forge soo bad , but it just did n't .
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ role regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ usance regular store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bulge.
1	2) The champion uses regular store bags.
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the Price of theese speakers the sound that arrive out is unbelievable .
1	 For the cost of theese speakers the sound that come out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speaker the audio that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the legal that occur out is unbelievable .
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The earphone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color concealment, megapixel camera, quad band, organiser, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color concealment, megapixel camera, quad ring, PDA, photograph editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ distort shield, megapixel camera, quad ring, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ emblazon screen, megapixel camera, quadrangle band, PDA, pic editor.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable discharge or II.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable discharge or deuce.
1	No skips, and it hasn't stammer once (contempt your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skitter, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable devolve or two.
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't eve victimized the carpet piece that came with the resist and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even practice the carpet tacks that came with the bandstand and they are knockout to bump over .
0	 I have n't even used the rug tacks that came with the base and they are arduous to pink over .
0	 I have n't even used the rug tacks that came with the stand and they are toilsome to whang over .
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest matter to setup i remember, and i am only 16...sol with all that enounce, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i opinion, and i am only 16...hence with all that allege, corrupt THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i recall, and i am only 16...thence with all that pronounce, buy THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the well-heeled matter to setup i thought, and i am only 16...sol with all that said, bargain THE ROUTER!!!!     
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life lead a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a batch to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a distribute to be desired. 
0	- The shelling life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot decent to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be annoyance.
0	It is hot enough to be bother.
0	It is hot enough to be irritation.
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has intercept too, so download and install the belated firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has tap too, so download and install the previous firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has wiretap too, so download and install the recent firmware from Linksys. 
0	The microcode has hemipteron too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the low sensitivy level, a slight stir can skip or pause the raceway.  
0	even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can jump or pause the tag.  
0	still on the gloomy sensitivy level, a slight mite can skip or pause the track.  
0	still on the lowly sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the rails.  
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after respective years of torture in the workforce of at&t customer serve i am enthrall to neglect them , and reckon forward to august 2004 when i will change our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of excruciate in the hands of at&t customer servicing i am beguiled to shed them , and flavor forrader to august 2004 when i will convert our other troika family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of overrefinement in the handwriting of at&t customer service i am enjoy to devolve them , and spirit forrard to Aug 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several yr of torture in the hand of at&t customer serve i am charmed to shed them , and look onwards to august 2004 when i will convert our other trio family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the Sung do n't play I after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't encounter ane after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play one after another same on a Cd . 
0	the songs do n't play unity after another like on a 400 . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the actor would not understand any of my region single dvds. still though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the histrion would not read any of my region ace dvds. flush though they were not damaged in any room . 
0	unfortunately , the instrumentalist would not understand any of my region 1 dvds. regular though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my realm ace dvds. yet though they were not damaged in any means . 
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instruction with it , just a rough pictorial instruction of installation , which exit a groovy deal of information omit .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a petroleum graphic instruction of installation , which farewell a slap-up consider of information missing .
0	 I have been frustrated to obtain that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of induction , which leaves a capital spate of information missing .
0	 single have been disappointed to witness that there is no impress instructions with it , just a crude pictorial didactics of installation , which folio a great deal of information missing .
0	apex sucks ! 
0	acme sucks ! 
0	apex fellate ! 
0	apex lactate ! 
0	apex suction ! 
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my mansion and comment 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my mansion and find 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever follow to my house and noticed 'diaper odour.'
1	No single has ever come to my house and comment 'diaper odor.'
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and convey a lilliputian bring used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have designate . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and issue a piddling scram used to but it 's not as badly as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can be sappy and aim a little mother used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have suggest . 
0	the pc-side software can be wacky and submit a piddling getting ill-used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the banner battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to issue ikon all day without worrying about file . 
1	the measure battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to choose envision all day without worrying about agitate . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will admit me to guide pictures all day without badgering about institutionalize . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to involve photo all day without vex about accuse . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the colourise filmdom is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the discolor riddle is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the discolour cover is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the discolour riddle is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amaze matter. 
1	there was no compromise this minuscule camera does gravel things. 
1	there was no compromise this niggling camera does stick things. 
1	there was no compromise this picayune camera does get things. 
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync ferment evenhandedly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync function fairly considerably.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync mould moderately well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync oeuvre fairly comfortably.
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i charter would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not frolic . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not manoeuvre . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not sport . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen deplumate out and rotates in any direction for sluttish pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any management for well-fixed pictures . 
1	the lcd screen rive out and rotates in any direction for loose pictures . 
1	the lcd test pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy fancy . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music administration is base on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a trouble for older downloaded music files with escape or faulty id3 information . 
0	2 ) music constitution is base on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for previous downloaded music files with wanting or incorrect id3 data . 
0	2 ) music organization is establish on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for honest-to-god downloaded euphony files with overlook or incorrect id3 entropy . 
0	ii ) music organisation is free-base on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a trouble for sometime downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to dungeon my phone on for about a week (mostly rack by) to three days (fixture use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly fend by) to iii days (veritable use)
1	Im able to keep my ring on for about a week (mostly viewpoint by) to three daytime (regular use)
1	Im able to preserve my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three daytime (regular purpose)
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows you to dungeon two windows afford to look at both the capacity on the musician and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows heart-to-heart to spirit at both the subject on the participant and the computer . 
1	third , creative software appropriate you to keep two windows surface to see at both the substance on the player and the computer . 
1	thirdly , creative software allows you to living two windows unresolved to count at both the content on the player and the computer . 
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does depart to shaft into your leaf while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does jump to stab into your pollex while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does originate to delve into your ovolo while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the stick does start to excavate into your thumb while stake.
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the call also lark an project gallery ( with selection camera affixation ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , Fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , Java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the call also rollick an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , consternation clock with snooze , fm radio ( fashion nerveless , eve if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet link . 
1	the phone also athletics an effigy gallery ( with choice camera adhesion ) , a calendar / organizer , horrify clock with snooze , fm wireless ( way sang-froid , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also mutant an persona gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , dismay clock with catnap , fm radio ( way sang-froid , tied if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java application and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a Lot of cameras, but this unmatchable is actually being utilize, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist sac.
1	I've had a destiny of cameras, but this unity is actually being habituate, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist bag.
1	I've had a pot of cameras, but this I is really being utilise, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist scoop.
1	I've had a raft of cameras, but this single is ACTUALLY being victimised, and not store in a desk: it's allways in my shist bag.
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very profligate 
1	usb 2.0 - very quick 
1	usb 2.0 - very tight 
1	usb ii.0 - very fast 
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the justly firmware, hale and throw to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the mightily firmware, drag and discharge to and from the actor like any other jump drive.  
1	With the mightily firmware, drag and overleap to and from the player like any other jump effort.  
1	With the right firmware, puff and deteriorate to and from the player like any other jump thrust.  
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has embossed the block owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use enjoy.
1	It has raised the bar owe to number of features it offers and the rank simpleness of use delight.
1	It has raised the barricade owing to number of features it offers and the sheer ease of use pleasure.
1	It has raised the stripe owing to act of features it tender and the absolute ease of use delight.
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a spell of shit . 
0	the fascinate is it 's built like a man of crap . 
0	the match is it 's built corresponding a piece of crap . 
0	the view is it 's built like a piece of poop . 
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , full customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = quartet stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = quaternary hotshot .
1	 It works , thoroughly customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = IV stars .
1	 It works , upright customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = foursome stars .
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two former somewhat blackball reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct share of the depress bequeath box in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stun and i ascertain myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two old somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does embarrass region of the lower leftover tree in the lens viewfinder ; however , the LCD finder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the Lens viewfinder . 
0	to direct two previous somewhat electronegative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the Lens barrel does obstruct region of the modest impart box in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens finder . 
0	to savoir-faire two late somewhat negative reappraisal : ( I ) yes , the lens barrel does hinder part of the low left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is instead stunning and i witness myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it deform out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it go out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it number out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " typewrite . 
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I retrieve it could've been designed a bit near.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a burn respectable.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a mo serious.  
0	Although, single thought it could've been designed a turn better.  
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "curt" battery life, though, has not mar my positive receive with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "forgetful" shelling life, though, has not impaired my confirming experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "light" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the superman Micro in any path. 
0	evening the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my electropositive live with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I examine disabling the various components provided with this product, par it all the way back to anti-virus only overhaul... and insure no improvement.
0	I hear disabling the various factor provided with this product, shaving it all the way dorsum to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various ingredient provided with this product, paring it all the direction second to anti-virus only service... and encounter no improvement.
0	one tried disabling the various components provided with this ware, par it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and adage no improvement.
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i incur habituate mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easygoing and libertine than using windows explorer . 
1	i institute habituate mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be practically easier and faster than practice windows explorer . 
1	i notice using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much well-off and faster than victimization window explorer . 
1	i witness using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and loyal than use windows IE . 
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this plan protects your computer all rightfulness - by locking you off the internet.
0	yea - this program protects your computer all ripe - by locking you off the internet.
0	yea - this program protects your computer all veracious - by locking you off the internet.
0	yeah - this program protects your computer all mightily - by locking you off the internet.
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 1 was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 iodin was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 one was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 unity was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It baffle Apple on the storage quad, it ticktock apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally comparable its interface more than the Ipod scroll rack.  
1	It beat Apple on the warehousing space, it tucker apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally ilk its interface more than the Ipod curlicue wheel.  
1	It beatnik Apple on the storage place, it amaze apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally same its interface more than the Ipod scroll roll.  
1	It ticktock Apple on the storehouse space, it baffle apple on the removable shelling (and batter life), and ace personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing smooth recital this, click the "Add to haul" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing smooth record this, click the "Add to haul" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing stock-still reading this, dawn the "Add to hale" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing withal register this, click the "impart to Cart" button already!      
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been devising computer go equipment for decades and with the battery-acid micro it finally has something with decent quality and, yes, capture to win a overnice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been fashioning computer voice equipment for decades and with the Zen micro it eventually has something with enough quality and, yes, appeal to win a courteous size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been nominate computer go equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with decent quality and, yes, captivate to advance a nice size of the digital actor pie.   
1	Creative has been shit computer sound equipment for decades and with the superman micro it finally has something with enough caliber and, yes, becharm to win a courteous size of the digital player PIE.   
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the expert way to perish.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the outdo path to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the unspoiled way to perish.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the well way to XTC.
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would function fine for a while then as the centrifugal warmed up it would choke.
0	It would operate amercement for a while then as the motor warmed up it would croak.
0	It would sour finely for a while then as the motor warmed up it would break.
0	It would sour hunky-dory for a while then as the motor warmed up it would exit.
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the part is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very percipient . 
0	when talking the voice is not very readable . 
0	when talking the voice is not very unmortgaged . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i quiet havent victimized it yet , but it should be serious . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent utilise it however , but it should be proficient . 
1	there is an alarm , i tranquilize havent use it yet , but it should be practiced . 
1	there is an horrify , i notwithstanding havent utilize it yet , but it should be good . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a extended and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , richly functioning , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this picayune treasure because of the superior depiction quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high execution , locomotion size camera , i initially gravitated to this lilliputian treasure because of the master icon quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive travel for a feature-loaded , high performance , locomote size camera , i initially gravitated to this little treasure because of the Superior image choice 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a prolonged and encompassing journey for a feature-loaded , high operation , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this niggling gem because of the superior fancy quality quadruplet mega pixel . 
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I silence pass the iPod five ace, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the instal (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll feed apple the benefit of the incertitude.
1	 I tranquil give the iPod quint hotshot, though, as it could have been something ane did wrongly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen incite) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the dubiety.
1	 i noneffervescent gift the iPod fivesome genius, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen motivate) so I'll reach Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 unity still give the iPod five headliner, though, as it could have been something I did wrong during the install (though i did watch the onscreen propel) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the question.
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  accept I not want something with a tad bit more space, one consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  have I not needed something with a tad number more space, I regard this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  sustain I not needed something with a tad bit more space, unity consider this player fair biz. 
0	verdict:  experience I not needed something with a tad flake more space, I consider this player fair game. 
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these verbaliser .
1	 I absolutely beloved these speakers .
1	 I absolutely love these speakers .
1	 unity absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i genuinely have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no charge over this unit . 
1	i really have no complaints over this whole . 
1	i very have no complaints over this unit . 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The concern inkpad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The match embroider is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The pinch footslog is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The reach dramatise is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is Interahamwe dear than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's middling inexpensive as baby products survive!
1	It is far ameliorate than just a junk can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as coddle product go!
1	It is far considerably than just a trash can or the diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as coddle products croak!
1	It is far punter than just a rubbish can or the Diaper jinnee and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products exit!
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com Quran.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com Scripture.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com record.  
0	- non compatible with Audible.com books.  
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " conniption " mode influence well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " habitue " specify . 
1	the " conniption " mode influence well for the remainder of shots that are not work to be in a " regular " typeset . 
1	the " scene " mode employment well for the residuum of shaft that are not decease to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode plant intimately for the remainder of shots that are not expire to be in a " regular " fix . 
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when I allege this i have secondhand and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the intimately keypad
1	Believe me when I enunciate this I have secondhand and finger all Nokia earphone and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when I say this 1 have utilise and fingered all Nokia earphone and the 6600 has the beneficial keypad
1	Believe me when single articulate this ace have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the serious keypad
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you dispatch to fill out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the twist silence feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to contain out the battery ) feels flimsy but when photograph on , the device quieten experience pretty solid . 
0	the front hatch ( which you remove to pack out the battery ) find flimsy but when flick on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front top ( which you take to need out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty firm . 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very Nice, and the discolor are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very decent, and the coloring are too. 
1	Pros The figure is very dainty, and the colors are too. 
1	pro The Design is very nice, and the gloss are too. 
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall body-build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (respectable colours, sharp event), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, beneficial photo with flash (good colours, keen results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good delineation with flash (skillful emblazon, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build tone, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, commodity pictures with flash (goodness colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing racecourse information a Lot because the cadmium database information utilized by the software is mediocre at outflank . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing traverse information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the package is fair at near . 
0	-- > you 'll be exchange track information a portion because the cd database information utilized by the software is fair at skilful . 
0	-- > you 'll be interchange racecourse information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is average at estimable . 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	forge for 10 hours with it on " shambling " totally rocks ! ! 
1	function for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally stone ! ! 
1	play for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally shake ! ! 
1	sour for 10 hr with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the lensman to personalise his or her shooting penchant through a kind of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact permit the lensman to personalize his or her scud preferences through a change of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact permit the photographer to personalize his or her dart preferences through a sort of preset and user definable mode. 
1	However, this ultracompact tolerate the photographer to personalize his or her scud preferences through a potpourri of preset and user definable mode. 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen constitute this free-after-rebates phone glow bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen give this free-after-rebates phone beam bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen seduce this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and instruction are very responsive . 
1	the color screenland do this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you believe expandability (downloads via calculator), the numerous features, deuce transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a call that isn't soft to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous boast, two transmission programme and multiple storage devices, reliableness - this is a headphone that isn't well-fixed to out-grow.
0	When you debate expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous sport, deuce transmittal broadcast and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you take expandability (downloads via figurer), the numerous feature, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a sound that isn't slowly to out-grow.
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did bargain the notmad software a hebdomad ago and determine that a vast improvement . 
1	i did corrupt the notmad software a week ago and detect that a vast betterment . 
1	i did purchase the notmad software a week ago and plant that a immense improvement . 
1	i did steal the notmad software a week ago and base that a vast advance . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after apply it for just a month , i could not wager any dvd . 
0	after employ it for just a month , i could not diddle any dvd . 
0	after use it for just a month , i could not recreate any dvd . 
0	after victimization it for just a month , i could not fun any dvd . 
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can preserve 1 hand on my featherbed and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that bare.
1	I can restrain one script on my indulge and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that elementary.
1	ane can proceed I hand on my baby and deck the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	unity can keep i mitt on my featherbed and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	accord , i have only utilise this videodisk player for about 2 hours position it up for my mammy for Yule , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	allot , i have only used this dvd instrumentalist for about 2 hours rig it up for my mama for christmas , but that was long enough for me to detect trouble with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only apply this dvd player for about ii hours setting it up for my mom for Yuletide , but that was long adequate for me to recover problems with this dvd histrion . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours set it up for my ma for Yule , but that was recollective enough for me to retrieve problems with this videodisk player . 
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	ease, that's sufficiency time that I'm tranquil satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	however, that's enough time that I'm quieten satisfied, if a turn grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	notwithstanding, that's enough time that I'm tranquillise satisfied, if a minute grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	still, that's enough time that I'm unruffled fulfill, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior ensue .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior issue .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and proffer a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and provide a superior result .
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my beginning week printing but , until now , I strongly recommend this production and unity 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my commencement week notion but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and iodin 'm very satisfy with it .
1	 These were only my get-go week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this merchandise and ane 'm very satisfy with it .
1	 These were only my world-class week impressions but , until now , I strongly commend this product and unity 'm very fulfil with it .
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is agile, and you can even set your favorite figure to display for a irregular or so as it go on. 
1	Powerup is immediate, and you can fifty-fifty mark your favorite image to display for a indorsement or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even define your favorite range to display for a instant or so as it spell on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can level jell your favorite image to display for a minute or so as it round on. 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones admit are awesome , and did i credit they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones admit are awesome , and did i note they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones include are awesome , and did i advert they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awing , and did i observe they were polyphonic ? 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very delight with the apex ad2600.it looseness just about anything you place in the drawer . 
1	i am very please with the apex ad2600.it act just about anything you redact in the drawer . 
1	i am very please with the apex ad2600.it fiddle just about anything you couch in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it wreak just about anything you redact in the draftsman . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the lowly size is thoroughgoing for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a braggart individual . 
1	the small size is perfect for my little paw , but may peradventure be uncomfortable or inapt for a bigger somebody . 
1	the small size is thoroughgoing for my little deal , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or sticky for a cock-a-hoop person . 
1	the small-scale size is perfect for my little men , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or embarrassing for a swelled person . 
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd histrion is fine . 
1	the dvd player is exquisitely . 
1	the dvd player is ok . 
1	the videodisc player is fine . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable boast . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable have . 
1	that 's a rarified and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a uncommon and valuable feature . 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	1 beef is the scroll , it does n't knead as considerably as i 'd like . 
0	matchless beef is the scroll , it does n't oeuvre as well as i 'd ilk . 
0	single beef is the scroll , it does n't cultivate as well as i 'd comparable . 
0	single holler is the scroll , it does n't wreak as well as i 'd like . 
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you birdcall apple and order them your ipod has been damaged, they bang you roughly $105.L per minute and blamed you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you birdcall apple and order them your ipod has been damaged, they commit you rough $105.50 per bit and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and say them your ipod has been damaged, they commove you roughly $105.50 per arcminute and fault you for "ill-use" your ipod.
0	If you forebode apple and tell them your ipod has been damage, they commit you roughly $105.50 per min and blame you for "ill-treat" your ipod.
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective causa completely useless as is since it becloud display window . 
0	* protective cause completely useless as is since it bedim display window . 
0	* protective event completely useless as is since it obscures expose window . 
0	* protective example completely useless as is since it hide display window . 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall envision quality (especially natural coloration, details, natural front of the exposure) is the most important thing, then this camera ist superlative notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (particularly instinctive distort, details, natural looking of the picture) is the most important thing, then this camera ist pinnacle notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image tone (especially born colours, details, rude looking of the project) is the most authoritative thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall simulacrum quality (especially natural colouring, details, natural search of the pictures) is the most crucial thing, then this camera ist pass notch and very impressive. 
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the characterization are onthe dark-skinned side, but I'm able to mending that victimization the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust rase" serve ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the fancy are onthe dark side, but I'm able to ready that practice the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust dismantle" part ... not sure how a mortal would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the project are onthe sullen side, but I'm able-bodied to fix that victimization the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" map ... not sure how a soul would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the show are onthe shadow side, but I'm able to desex that utilise the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust degree" mapping ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a bully Price -- how can you extend wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great toll -- how can you expire wrongfulness ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a outstanding cost -- how can you XTC wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a smashing damage -- how can you function wrong ? 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they enquire for 24 hours before replying - i 've been await XXVII days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they postulate for 24 hours before replying - i 've been await XXVII days . ) 
0	neither message was respond ( they ask for 24 hour before replying - i 've been waitress 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was suffice ( they expect for 24 hours before replying - i 've been expect 27 days . ) 
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard is particularly baleful. 
0	The Wizard is particularly minatory. 
0	The thaumaturgist is particularly sinister. 
0	The wizard is particularly sinister. 
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	This is a enceinte diaper pail.
1	This is a keen diaper pail.
1	This is a neat diaper pail.
1	This is a smashing diaper pail.
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 day and it does not evidence the delineation no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 day and it does not express the delineation no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than XC Day and it does not point the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than ninety days and it does not usher the visualise no matter what i do . 
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second ane for less than two weeks when I note a marvellous/humming/buzzing sound while music was wreak.  
0	I had the second one for less than 2 hebdomad when I noticed a really/humming/buzzing effectual while music was played.  
0	I had the second unmatched for less than two weeks when I noticed a howling/humming/buzzing sound while euphony was roleplay.  
0	i had the indorsement ace for less than two weeks when I noticed a wonderful/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet rat has been employ one regularly in a router table for 11 age without a problem.
1	ace locker shop has been using unrivaled regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	matchless cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router board for 11 class without a problem.
1	unrivalled cabinet shop has been use one regularly in a router tabulate for 11 years without a problem.
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have Windows xp professional and when installation the enclosed software i did have a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have window xp pro and when installing the confine software i did experience a message that there was a problem installment the driver . 
0	i have window xp pro and when installment the insert software i did receive a content that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp professional and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a content that there was a job installation the driver . 
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it exploited regular trash bags is expectant.
1	Plus, the fact that it used habitue scum bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular pan purse is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash purse is slap-up.
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech bear is worthless too.     
0	The tech endorse is worthless too.     
0	The tech supporting is worthless too.     
0	The tech tolerate is worthless too.     
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery force empty rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery might firing rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power fire rapidly especially on utilize the web browser.
0	The battery power spark rapidly especially on practice the web browser.
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel ilk you are admit something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are bind something of content , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are hold something of substance , not some cheap plastic fiddle . 
1	you feel like you are throw something of substance , not some sleazy plastic toy . 
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change the speeding with just my digit.
0	It was impossible to change the speeding with just my finger.
0	It was impossible to change the upper with just my finger.
0	It was unsufferable to change the rush with just my fingers.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a list, you'll need to hold the screen to watch that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to bridle the covert to interpret that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to image that the amount entered is discipline.
0	When you dial a number, you'll penury to retard the screen to see that the bit entered is correct.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only useable (or selectable) when the screen is operable.
0	All the camera's functionality is only useable (or selectable) when the sort is functional.
0	whole the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the blind is functional.
0	whole the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the sort is functional.
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable hatch, the camera has a nice, self-colored sense about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever ace sound. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable hide, the camera has a gracious, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, one consider it with me wherever one go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable overcompensate, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, iodin contract it with me wherever 1 start. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic line cover, the camera has a Nice, solid sense about it, and it's so flyspeck, I take it with me wherever I rifle. 
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very satisfy with it especially for he cost .
1	 I 'm very slaked with it especially for he cost .
1	 iodine 'm very slaked with it especially for he price .
1	 unity 'm very satisfied with it especially for he toll .
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton on-line livelihood does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer fellowship that preloaded it on our new estimator.
0	Norton online affirm does not even recognise this problem nor does the computer party that preloaded it on our fresh computer.
0	Norton online patronise does not eventide acknowledge this problem nor does the estimator troupe that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online substantiate does not even recognise this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our New reckoner.
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your fail to need sustain , and Acer 's technical indorse department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your last to motivation support , and Acer 's technical stand department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your passing to pauperism support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to vile .
0	 Someday , your passing to pauperization support , and Acer 's technical supporting department is the next to worthless .
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 base away in a brightly perch room during daylight time , characterisation grow by this camera were hazy and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display scud about 20 feet away in a brightly light room during Day time , pictures produce by this camera were bleary and in a spectre of orange . 
0	focusing on a display wheel about 20 foot away in a brightly illuminated way during day time , pic produced by this camera were blurry and in a spook of orange . 
0	focusing on a exhibit gouge about xx foundation out in a brightly lit room during day time , film produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product actually necessitate is easily documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is honest documentation for how to plant up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING arrangement!
0	What this product really needs is salutary documentation for how to bent up the router for unlike OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this ware really needs is expert documentation for how to rigid up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable barrage was the resolve factor in my buy of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the settle component in my purchase of zennx over iPod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the settle divisor in my buy of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable bombardment was the determinative element in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the other ascendence are all very easy to use . 
1	the other ascendency are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to employ . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to utilize . 
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have visit no idle pixel or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have watch no dead pixels or gloss bleeding that I 've listen about with other ACER models
1	 iodine have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that 1 've hear about with other ACER models
1	 unity have fancy no dead pixels or colouring bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i chance it more convenient to utilise 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have interpreter dialing . 
0	although i discover it more convenient to use 1-touch dial , this phone does not have vox dialing . 
0	although i see it more convenient to employ 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have vocalize dialing . 
0	although i see it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this sound does not have part dialing . 
0	I mean, they're short!
0	I bastardly, they're short!
0	I mean, they're brusk!
0	I mean, they're curtly!
0	unity mean, they're short!
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You blackguard need to employ new doctor technicians because the ones that are in the resort nitty-gritty obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys indigence to rent new repair technicians because the ones that are in the restore substance obviously have no thought what they are doing .
0	 You rib need to hire new fixture technicians because the unity that are in the indemnify eye obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You rib need to hire new hangout technicians because the ones that are in the indemnify inwardness patently have no idea what they are doing .
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have employ all of the above-named features, and find them good designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have secondhand all of the above-mentioned features, and find them fountainhead designed, and well-off to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and receive them swell designed, and easy to translate.  
1	therefore far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them intimately designed, and sluttish to understand.  
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the dependable thing single have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the expert thing I have ever employ. 
1	The I-Pod is the practiced thing one have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the substantially matter I have ever used. 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	advantageously just one victimize - its not really plug and dally at first i mean its very jumble to start the program but unmatched you do it , it will be a pushover . 
0	well just nonpareil defraud - its not really plug and represent at first i mean its very bedevil to start the syllabus but ace you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one convict - its not really plug and frolic at first i intend its very confusing to part the broadcast but I you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just unrivalled nobble - its not really hack and flirt at first i mean its very throw to startle the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it May be, I'm happy I've create this purchase.  
1	Whichever it May be, I'm happy I've urinate this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm glad I've get this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm glad I've realise this purchase.  
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband cabbage up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this radio setup flies. 
1	Broadband surcharge up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband thieve up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this production i could not enquire for more .
1	 For the cost of this production i could not require for more .
1	 For the price of this merchandise i could not ask for more .
1	 For the toll of this product i could not involve for more .
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've hear the belkin Fm transmitter whole with it & it worked well when i determine it on top of a portable radio , but was unspeakable examine to role in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've judge the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it crop intimately when i fit it on transcend of a portable radio , but was frightfully trying to consumption in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've seek the belkin Fm transmitter unit with it & it make advantageously when i put it on crest of a portable radio , but was awful trying to utilise in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've taste the belkin fm vector unit with it & it turn intimately when i determined it on crown of a portable radio , but was awful trying to usage in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're jolly comfortable , stay in direct and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in invest and pitch a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in property and deliver a becoming audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in spot and deliver a decent audio select . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so cheap , truly , that it does n't work terribly swell as a silent ringer option . 
0	so gaudy , really , that it does n't work terribly intimately as a silent toller option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't play terribly well as a silent toller alternative . 
0	so loudly , really , that it does n't workplace terribly considerably as a silent ringer option . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those used to 35mm camera will rule the g3 very well-situated and friendly to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will ascertain the g3 very well-fixed and friendly to utilise . 
1	those utilise to 35mm cameras will discover the g3 very comfy and friendly to use . 
1	those utilise to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very prosperous and friendly to consumption . 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week I stress to lode some more song and delete a few but the auto stretch didn't do anything but spell on my player. 
0	After a week I tested to laden some more songs and delete a few but the motorcar debase didn't do anything but round on my player. 
0	After a week I tried to warhead some more Song and delete a few but the auto shipment didn't do anything but wrench on my musician. 
0	After a week iodine tried to lade some more songs and delete a few but the machine burden didn't do anything but bit on my player. 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A brace of clock a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A mate of metre a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	amp pair of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	ampere couple of time a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is go delicately and no problems since I installed it two week ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is influence okay and no problems since single installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is make fine and no problems since I installed it 2 hebdomad ago.
1	anyhow, this package is go fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	Still has horrific software.  
0	quiet has terrible software.  
0	static has terrible software.  
0	stillness has terrible software.  
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having habituate it for more than a month , i can aver that it consistently produces topnotch picture . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can articulate that it consistently produce A-one photos . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently develop super picture . 
1	having utilise it for more than a month , i can aver that it consistently produces topnotch picture . 
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not adulterate any record or just says that there is no disc . 
0	now it will not dilute any disc or just pronounce that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not onus any disk or just say that there is no record . 
0	now it will not payload any saucer or just articulate that there is no disk . 
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	the cereal was terrible . 
0	the grain was dreaded . 
0	the grain was fearsome . 
0	the grain was tremendous . 
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so kinky and enlighten and I would however purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so scrunch and clear and I would quieten buy this all over again .
1	 Other than that the wakeless is so wrinkle and clear and I would placid purchase this all over again .
1	 other than that the healthy is so crisp and clear and I would calm purchase this all over again .
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with clear command contained in the establish drive .
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the establish tug .
1	 Easy to utilization with clear instructions contained in the install driving .
1	 slow to utilise with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can adjust the optical zoom before scud and than while shooting video aline a digital whizz in and out withal due to the cameras sparkle weight Camera handclasp is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can hardened the optic zoom before germinate and than while hit video correct a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras fall weight Camera shake is a problem to argue with. 
0	you can hardening the optical zoom before hit and than while dash television conform a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras sluttish weight Camera shake is a problem to manage with. 
0	you can localise the optic surge before scud and than while scud video correct a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to vie with. 
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant java interface.
1	ternion. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	terzetto. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	triad. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally commit this camera 5 sensation. When 1 had Windows 98 it was wonderful but 1 go a raw computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally feed this camera 5 lead. When ane had Windows 98 it was wondrous but I sire a new computer end November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	single originally yield this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but one experience a young computer finish November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	unity originally founder this camera 5 champion. When I had Windows xcviii it was wonderful but I scram a new computer finis November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the approximation of the napkin Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the mind of the Diaper Genie because of the replenish.
0	ane had never liked the idea of the Diaper genie because of the refills.
0	iodine had never liked the idea of the nappy Genie because of the refills.
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN aroma PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN odour PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER birth AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER deliver AN ODOR PROBLEM!
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the photograph looking washed out on s-video , with gobs of coloration bleeding , compared to a component connecter ( should not be much of a perceptible departure on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the visualize await washed out on s-video , with lot of colouration bleeding , compared to a component connectedness ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " television ). 
0	also , for some understanding the picture await rinse out on s-video , with band of colouration bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible divergence on a 27 " tv ). 
0	likewise , for some reason the photograph looks washed out on s-video , with slews of colour bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible remainder on a 27 " TV ). 
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy as advertize .
1	 Installation was easy as publicise .
1	 Installation was easy as publicize .
1	 Installation was sluttish as advertised .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , acuate picture , and just the good size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp image , and just the proper size for my desk .
1	 Great emblazon display , sharply picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 majuscule colouration display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're blend to need to buy novel headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're expiration to need to purchase new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're live to need to buy novel headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're loss to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones nurse 
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it seems to be cultivate mulct , but we 've not ill-used it all that much . 
1	it seems to be form exquisitely , but we 've not apply it all that much . 
1	it seems to be process fine , but we 've not exploited it all that practically . 
1	it seems to be process hunky-dory , but we 've not used it all that often . 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you have to exercise it with iTunes - or they'll process, dammit!  just iTunes is about as dear as anything. 
1	Also, you have to expend it with iTunes - or they'll process, dammit!  only iTunes is about as well as anything. 
1	too, you have to exercise it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  simply iTunes is about as dependable as anything. 
1	too, you have to usance it with iTunes - or they'll litigate, dammit!  But iTunes is about as commodity as anything. 
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video quality is astound. 
1	And the video quality is pose. 
1	And the video quality is vex. 
1	And the video timber is amazing. 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not agnize player at random times , despite being connected and expose actor 's library . 
0	-- > does not realise player at random clip , scorn being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognise actor at random times , despite being connected and displaying histrion 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognise thespian at random times , despite being connected and display player 's library . 
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just baffle an sr. 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 cram and it also rill fine on that.
1	I just bring an elderly 866 megacycle system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also bleed fine on that.
1	I just go an onetime 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 ram and it also lam fine on that.
1	iodine just sire an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it likewise carry fine on that.
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same demur the young updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same except the young update.
0	Other than that it is all the same omit the New updates.
0	other than that it is all the same except the novel updates.
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at beginning i guess it is only a stray incident , but i was proven improper when the player would not register my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it is only a marooned incident , but i was rise wrong when the player would not take my " alias " videodisk as easily . 
0	at firstly i think it is only a disjunct incident , but i was testify untimely when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at initiatory i thinking it is only a isolate incident , but i was show wrong when the player would not register my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in worldwide has quite a scrap of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless brand massiveness of the s330 . 
0	and the consistency / construction in general has quite a mo of pliant , a disappointment after the stainless steel massiveness of the s330 . 
0	and the eubstance / expression in oecumenical has quite a act of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the trunk / construction in world-wide has quite a bite of formative , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just buy this headphone and i recall this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchase this earphone and i think this is the coolest earpiece i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this call and i opine this is the coolest sound i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this phone and i recollect this is the coolest call i e'er had . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	certainly , it 's a little bighearted than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bighearted than the iPod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little giving than the ipod , but not by lots . 
0	sure , it 's a picayune vainglorious than the ipod , but not by much . 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	1 aim a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I aim a lot of pictures and this camera is my initiative choice. 
1	I demand a slew of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a mess of visualize and this camera is my first choice. 
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the hone ordor disengage diaper pail has nevertheless to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a skilful as it gets.
1	While the perfective ordor gratuitous diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a dependable as it drive.
1	While the utter ordor absolve diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a effective as it grow.
1	while the everlasting ordor justify diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper chomp is a good as it gets.
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it knead dead with Media Player 10?  
1	Why gravel when it go perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why pain when it process perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	wherefore bother when it plant perfectly with Media Player 10?  
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen micro killer, not an Ipod slayer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a superman Micro grampus, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative battery-acid Micro is a superman Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The originative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an iPod killer. 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	audio settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	phone settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound setting can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be set for personal preference . 
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything care loose wipes getting lodge (we forever wind them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like relax wipes let stuck (we e'er wind them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like slack wipes getting wedge (we forever enfold them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything wish lax wipes beget cling (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom is bull.
0	The digital zoom is ca-ca.
0	The digital zoom is defecate.
0	The digital zoom is shit.
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only i disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only matchless disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk trifle through to completion successfully . 
0	only one record played through to completion successfully . 
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so belittled and spark, still with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so pocket-sized and fall, even with a spare battery, you really can yield it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, yet with a bare battery, you really can involve it anywhere.
1	It's so small and promiscuous, even with a trim battery, you really can remove it anywhere.
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I cerebrate the OS and ascendence are very well thinking out and although I'll admit ane was a prick intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and master turn indorsement nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and manipulate are very comfortably imagine out and although I'll admit ace was a flake intimidated during my showtime few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became minute nature after the get-go day or so. 
1	ane imagine the OS and moderate are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a spot intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and moderate get endorse nature after the initiative day or so. 
1	ane think the OS and assure are very well remember out and although I'll admit 1 was a moment restrain during my get-go few hours with the Micro, the interface and controller became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( barrage last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries final longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries finish longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last yearner too ! ) 
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why 1 expend this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why ane utilisation this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why i habituate this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why unity enjoyment this more than my Alienware .
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , nonetheless , i can 't reckon being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , notwithstanding , i can 't reckon being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , still , i can 't envisage being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , yet , i can 't guess being without it ! 
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am delight with the router.
1	All in all single am pleased with the router.
1	altogether in all I am pleased with the router.
1	whole in all I am pleased with the router.
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so easy to habituate!
1	This camera is so easygoing to use!
1	This camera is so slow to use!
1	This camera is so well-to-do to use!
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of habit i've never had to boot the router. 
1	Indiana a week of enjoyment i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	Indiana a week of utilise i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	inward a week of practice i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton merchandise in my sentence, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their functioning.
1	I've owned many Norton product in my time, and for the most division, I've been pleased with their functioning.
1	I've owned many Norton production in my clock, and for the most start, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton production in my meter, and for the most divide, I've been pleased with their performance.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good conduct and all you let is a packet of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good hand and all you produce is a parcel of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a honorable distribute and all you have is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a salutary grapple and all you take is a bundle of headaches.
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	it is crystal absolved . 
1	it is crystal exonerate . 
1	it is crystal exonerated . 
1	it is crystal unmortgaged . 
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite beneficial.  
1	My experience with installation was quite effective.  
1	My experience with installation was quite expert.  
1	My experience with installation was quite unspoilt.  
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 ane have this proctor for a month now and ane 'm very pleased with it .
1	 ane have this varan for a month now and ace 'm very pleased with it .
1	 i have this supervise for a month now and i 'm very pleased with it .
1	 unity have this monitor for a month now and i 'm very please with it .
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which amount with it are mediocre at unspoiled but what can you expect from a rigid of "pinna buds".  
0	The headphones which descend with it are mediocre at secure but what can you expect from a coif of "ear bud".  
0	The headphones which number with it are mediocre at beneficial but what can you await from a congeal of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which number with it are mediocre at considerably but what can you gestate from a define of "ear buds".  
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't rare in cameras, though, just as retentive as you fetch your charger and extra batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as hanker as you bring your charger and extra bombardment, you should be delicately.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as longsighted as you wreak your courser and excess batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as prospicient as you convey your charger and supernumerary batteries, you should be ok.
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's debauched than WMP. 
1	It's firm than WMP. 
1	It's quick than WMP. 
1	It's riotous than WMP. 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i amply expect it to whirl big again in the same or some other direction in the next half-dozen months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is moderately flimsy . 
0	i fully anticipate it to plump badness again in the same or some other fashion in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have orient out , the construction is somewhat flimsy . 
0	i fully ask it to work high-risk again in the same or some other way in the next VI months because , as other reviewers have sharpen out , the construction is middling flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to start high-risk again in the same or some other room in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have indicate out , the structure is fairly flimsy . 
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely zero useful at the Symantec/Norton website.
0	There is dead zilch useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	there is absolutely naught useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	there is utterly nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a dainty have ( i.eastward. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " slowly listening " rather than " impenetrable metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the sunup and you sooner listen to " easy mind " rather than " threatening metallic " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's former in the morn and you rather listen to " gentle listening " quite than " backbreaking metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a squeamish feature ( i.east. it 's betimes in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " instead than " grueling metal " - no problem . 
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looking like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks alike a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a forge of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a oeuvre of art ! 
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it arrive to that repoint, the dish is real backbreaking, so I think this is tolerant of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the udder manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it commence to that detail, the bag is really hard, so 1 mean this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of retain the bag achievable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it drive to that pointedness, the base is genuinely heavy, so i think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in agency of proceed the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	only from my experience, by the time it contract to that direct, the pocket is really heavy, so iodin recall this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in agency of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes also hap .
0	 Display glitches and flashes likewise occurred .
0	 Display glitches and twinkling also occurred .
0	 expose glitches and flashes also occurred .
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did flirt a dvd-r which was unplayable in my former philips machine . 
1	it did gambling a dvd-r which was unplayable in my sr. philips machine . 
1	it did meet a dvd-r which was unplayable in my former philips machine . 
1	it did wreak a dvd-r which was unplayable in my senior philips machine . 
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't comparable is that at gloomy volume music listening , tonal qualities are very pathetic .
0	 What I do n't like is that at downhearted volume music listening , tonal caliber are very short .
0	 What I do n't like is that at humiliated book music listening , tonal qualities are very pathetic .
0	 What ace do n't like is that at dispirited volume music heed , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously job with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other curriculum .
0	 The router has obviously problems with electrostatic IP savoir-faire , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with stable informatics addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with still IP deal , firewalls and numerous other programs .
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	the battery biography is amazing . 
1	the battery life is astound . 
1	the battery life is dumbfound . 
1	the battery life is perplex . 
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't frolic all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't fun all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't maneuver all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't trifle all of my movies . 
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their merchandise are super expensive , especially to become them fixed .
0	 Their products are passing expensive , especially to grow them fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to vex them get .
0	 Their ware are super expensive , especially to obtain them fixed .
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven battery lifespan . 
0	it also has unproven battery living . 
0	it also has unproven battery spirit . 
0	it also has unproven bombardment life . 
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very hushed for a universal motor-driven tool, and the summit adjustment stick and variable speed curb are great.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven creature, and the height adjustment stupefy and variable speed control are bully.
1	It's very silence for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment joystick and variable hurrying control are great.
1	It's very unruffled for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height accommodation spliff and variable speed control are great.
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very full-bodied wakeless and secure bass also , obviously not pound bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very productive heavy and good bass also , apparently not thumping bass for which you would pauperization a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich heavy and proficient bass likewise , plain not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The talker have a very plentiful sound and right bass also , obviously not thump bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to purpose . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easygoing to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be well-fixed to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be well-to-do to use . 
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is a good production .
1	 This is a honest product .
1	 This is a salutary product .
1	 This is a skilful product .
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD assembling and it was so well-heeled and loyal, and they all vocalize great.  
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so leisurely and quick, and they all voice expectant.  
1	I have ripped over c Song from my CD collection and it was so loose and fast, and they all well-grounded great.  
1	I have ripped over c songs from my candela collection and it was so easy and degenerate, and they all sound dandy.  
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy to exercise.
1	1) The champ is easy to expend.
1	1) The champ is easy to manipulation.
1	1) The champion is easy to use.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete menage inventory, for lesson.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a consummate household inventory, for illustration.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a stark household inventory, for case.
1	This is enough capacity and capacity to do a dispatch household inventory, for example.
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box i had issuance.
0	so, right out of the box i had offspring.
0	so, right out of the box i had publish.
0	so, right out of the corner i had issue.
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i render to make sense of the file carry-over program and just baffle more confused . 
0	i sample to wee-wee sense of the file transfer program and just got more unconnected . 
0	i tried to form sense of the file transferee program and just amaze more confused . 
0	i tried to produce sense of the file transfer program and just mother more discombobulate . 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	aim stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't stamp anymore.
0	arrest stinky after a few months, the seal on the plunger doesn't seal anymore.
0	baffle stinky after a few months, the cachet on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	start stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't stamp anymore.
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative hump up the intent of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the phone jak. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the excogitation of the headphone doodly-squat. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the innovation of the headphone diddley. 
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and single would not ilk to employ it freehand (I sustain it mounted in a tabularise).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and single would not like to exercise it freehand (one preserve it mounted in a tabularise).
0	However, it is much swelled, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and one would not like to utilisation it freehand (one keep it wax in a table).
0	However, it is much swelled, bulkier, and weighty than my other router and iodin would not like to role it freehand (i keep it mounted in a table).
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I hump extremely modest , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL pigboat .
1	 and I know extremely humble , tawdry bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely small , meretricious bass , and as such , iodin suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and one love extremely humbled , aloud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't acknowledge what the problem could be.
0	They didn't cognise what the problem could be.
0	They didn't cognize what the problem could be.
0	They didn't jazz what the problem could be.
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just i month my headphone laborer was part as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jackstones was BROKEN as a solvent of normal, every-day exercise.  
0	HOWEVER after just unitary month my headphone Jack-tar was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day manipulation.  
0	HOWEVER after just unmatched month my headphone jack was recrudesce as a result of normal, every-day apply.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are expectant headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as thoroughly but darn airless.  
1	The Earbuds are expectant headphones as just as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn end.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as goodness as my AGK Studio 240, intimately not as near but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are swell headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as secure but darn confining.  
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is elementary and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and consecutive forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight ahead. 
1	user Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really necessitate any since the show have evidence to be very intelligent when resizing different screen rhenium 's and I can utilise the ATI drivers to adjust things care coloration temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't truly postulate any since the display have prove to be very well-informed when resizing different screen res 's and iodine can use the ATI driver to adjust things like coloration temp and gamma .
1	 i have n't really need any since the showing have shew to be very intelligent when resizing different screen Re 's and 1 can consumption the ATI drivers to correct things like color temp and gamma .
1	 iodine have n't rattling need any since the display have proven to be very levelheaded when resizing different sort res 's and I can utilization the ATI drivers to set affair like color temp and gamma .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very sozzled joints , excellent black finish , and precise Speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent bleak finis , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 rattling tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise Speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 selfsame stringent joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, eve with on-line and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, eventide with online and email aid from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, flush with online and email assistance from Symantect technician.
0	erstwhile again it won't reinstall, fifty-fifty with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't realize why the software does not disregard " the " when it list the cds in alphabetical range . 
0	too , i can 't infer why the software does not ignore " the " when it heel the cds in alphabetical decree . 
0	too , i can 't realize why the software does not ignore " the " when it listing the cds in alphabetical ordinate . 
0	too , i can 't sympathize why the software does not discount " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical orderliness . 
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has exist plenty of capitulation with little or no damage, exclude the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived mass of gloaming with little or no damage, except the inevitable lolly.
0	  The thing has survived muckle of devolve with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratching.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of devolve with piffling or no damage, except the inevitable excise.
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was manifestly a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' slow to industry a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' tardily to manufacturing a device with replaceable shelling!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' well-heeled to manufacture a gimmick with replaceable shelling!!
0	  This was patently a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' gentle to manufacture a device with replaceable battery!!
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i convey it to my father 's mansion to gambol a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the actor so much i devote it to him . 
1	i exact it to my father 's household to caper a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the participant so much i commit it to him . 
1	i get it to my founder 's menage to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the participant so much i render it to him . 
1	i hold it to my Padre 's house to act a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the instrumentalist so much i generate it to him . 
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a wonder . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the ringlet button is n't the honorable , as it sometimes can be heavily to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the advantageously , as it sometimes can be backbreaking to prime . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the sound , as it sometimes can be strong to choice . 
0	two . the scroll button is n't the dear , as it sometimes can be voiceless to select . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the gyre bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bite of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a piece of a pain . 
0	the scroll stripe is a bit of a pain . 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this e'er name it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever nominate it out of quality assure . 
0	and the case , how did this ever piddle it out of quality ascendancy . 
0	and the case , how did this ever prepare it out of quality ascendency . 
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so easygoing .
1	 Connection to the device is so well-fixed .
1	 Connection to the twist is so easy .
1	 connecter to the device is so easy .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very hapless .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very pathetic .
0	 My overall experience with this supervise was very poor .
0	 My overall have with this monitor was very poor .
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what 1 father for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I pose for my $200 on this MP3 instrumentalist?  
0	his is what iodin vex for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what iodine flummox for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was good , comfortable to read 
1	+ screen was good , slowly to read 
1	+ screen was good , well-heeled to read 
1	+ test was good , easy to read 
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only 2 youngster takings i have with the camera are the lens roof ( it is not very cubbyhole and can descend off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially embarrass the perspective through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two modest matter i have with the camera are the lens chapiter ( it is not very cubbyhole and can ejaculate off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially impede the vista through the viewfinder but not thought through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two shaver payoff i have with the camera are the lens pileus ( it is not very cubbyhole and can come off too easy ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the sentiment through the viewfinder but not position through the LCD ) . 
0	the only two tike exit i have with the camera are the lens detonator ( it is not very cozy and can semen off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially occlude the sentiment through the viewfinder but not eyeshot through the lcd ) . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	regrettably it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't fiddle all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the videodisk . 
0	unfortunately it can 't recreate all of the dvd . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't sway or whine while playing discs , and the see and legal is clear notch ( both dts and dd5.1 go good ) . 
1	the build select feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while fiddle discs , and the picture and vocalize is crown notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound unspoilt ) . 
1	the build tone feels solid , it does n't agitate or whine while playing discs , and the render and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 healthy well ) . 
1	the progress quality finger solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the characterisation and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 legal beneficial ) . 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So Interahamwe it has been very durable (other than the little lodgings on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as ane retrieve them well-off on their own. 
1	So far it has been very undestroyable (other than the little slog on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as ace ascertain them comfy on their own. 
1	so far it has been very durable (other than the fiddling pads on the earbuds), but those aren't actually necessary as iodine get them comfortable on their own. 
1	thence FAR it has been very durable (other than the little tablet on the earbuds), but those aren't rattling necessary as iodine find them comfortable on their own. 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tested provide questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've time-tested leaving interview on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried impart oppugn on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving question on their site never to have them resolve . 
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 Setup was very comfortable .
1	 Setup was very easily .
1	 Setup was very prosperous .
1	 Setup was very well-fixed .
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click depiction in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device unity find it extremely loose to channelise photo to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures in JPG initialize and because the phone has a bluetooth device 1 witness it extremely well-off to transport pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click show in JPG format and because the call has a bluetooth device 1 ascertain it extremely easygoing to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I tick ikon in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I get it extremely gentle to transfer film to my pc and forth.
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to say most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer musician that had evenhandedly loud disc spin haphazardness ) . 
1	seems to scan most dvds fine , and reads restfully ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disk spin resound ) . 
1	seems to take most dvds fine , and show quietly ( i had a trailblazer player that had evenhandedly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to understand most dvds fine , and interpret quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had pretty loud disc whirl noise ) . 
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... footrace like Hades from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... footrace like Inferno from this product .
0	 All in all , forged device , bad customer service ... rivulet like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , sorry device , bad customer service ... run like underworld from this product .
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the effectual is not loud enough when i playact indorse the video clips on the camera. 
0	the healthy is not loud enough when i gambling back the video crop on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i recreate dorsum the video prune on the camera. 
0	the sound is not tatty enough when i recreate rearwards the video clips on the camera. 
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 I did have job join my laptop to the internet but there customer avail congressman was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the ill-treat .
1	 I did have problem associate my laptop to the cyberspace but there customer serve instance was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the footfall .
1	 iodine did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there client serve congressman was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the stair .
1	 one did have problem connecting my laptop to the net but there customer servicing instance was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the step .
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB rather of quint.  
1	 All the "poise" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of v.  
1	 totally the "cool" have of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 wholly the "cool" features of the miniskirt, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easily and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the termination excellent .
1	 However the setup was sluttish and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was tardily and the results excellent .
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I corrupt this diaper pail when my son was just a few years quondam and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I purchase this nappy pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely bonk it!
1	ane bought this diaper pail when my Logos was just a few days honest-to-god and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	ane bought this napkin pail when my son was just a few days honest-to-god and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip telephone , and i 'm glad i decide to sound with them . 
1	nokia was my get-go nonflip earphone , and i 'm glad i decided to proceed with them . 
1	nokia was my get-go nonflip headphone , and i 'm glad i decided to live with them . 
1	nokia was my outset nonflip headphone , and i 'm glad i adjudicate to go with them . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the earphone is tiny , cute , flavor tolerant of " plastic-like " ( as if it might recess ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , experience tolerant of " plastic-like " ( as if it might breakage ) , but seems somewhat sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feeling tolerant of " plastic-like " ( as if it might fracture ) , but seems passably sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , sense kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might check ) , but look fairly sturdy . 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only matter i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while work , which i was able to clear-cut by opening it up and fluff it out with " tinned bare . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a trouble of the player freeze while playacting , which i was capable to elucidate by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned send . " 
0	the only thing i did feel was a problem of the player freezing while performing , which i was able to realize by hatchway it up and gas it out with " dismiss air . " 
0	the only thing i did feel was a trouble of the instrumentalist freezing while spiel , which i was able to decipherable by opening it up and drift it out with " canned air . " 
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it encounter or transcend all of my demand and surely won't disappoint any already establish Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it fill or outperform all of my penury and surely won't disappoint any already build Nokia phone fans.
1	former than that it fulfil or surpasses all of my inevitably and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia call fans.
1	former than that it satisfy or surpasses all of my inevitably and surely won't disappoint any already accomplished Nokia phone fans.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it forge much estimable.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it mold much break.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it play much substantially.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it workplace much skillful.
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have chase , it 'll lout all of your trail into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the dose does not distinguish folder . 
0	if you do n't have dog , it 'll stumblebum all of your raceway into the same directory and they cannot be research via artist or album as the dot does not accredit folders . 
0	if you do n't have rag , it 'll gawk all of your racetrack into the same directory and they cannot be seek via artist or album as the acid does not know folders . 
0	if you do n't have tail , it 'll clod all of your trail into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the battery-acid does not realize brochure . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( WWW.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very misfortunate . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very pitiful . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) serving is very poor . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the carte options appear unity at a time , carry up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down ane by I , or have memorise where they are in the menu enjoin , to select them by using the list keypad . 
0	the menu options appear matchless at a time , conduct up the whole screen , and unity has to scroll down one by one , or have learn where they are in the menu regularise , to quality them by utilise the act keypad . 
0	the menu options appear nonpareil at a time , taking up the unharmed riddle , and one has to scroll down I by nonpareil , or have memorized where they are in the menu guild , to prize them by expend the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear unmatchable at a sentence , need up the unhurt screen , and one has to curlicue down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu govern , to select them by victimization the issue keypad . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative merchandise . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative production . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative ware . 
1	all-in-all , this is another first-class creative product . 
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker BAR response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker bar reply was spot-on .
1	 The speaker measure response was spot-on .
1	 The utterer bar response was spot-on .
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does clams easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does inscribe easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does moolah easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does shekels easily!
1	 Portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable .
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you obtain a beneficial mate), a abide, and a microfiber sac to carry your dot disturb in.  
1	The package also descend with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a dyad of headphones (they're okay until you engender a right pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to sway your dose soupcon in.  
1	The package also fare with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you go a upright couplet), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to transport your dose partake in.  
1	The parcel also arrive with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphone (they're okay until you fix a respectable pair), a stall, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen reach in.  
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this matter for less than a month , treated it quite wellspring , never discharge it , and the headphone gob is all bonk up . 
0	i 've had this thing for LE than a month , treated it quite wellspring , never pretermit it , and the headphone diddlyshit is all bonk up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , tempered it quite well , never flatten it , and the phone jak is all screw up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , toughened it quite well , never unload it , and the earphone squat is all bonk up . 
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/reposition - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/store - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/storehouse - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/warehousing - Seemingly boundless.
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	the acme 2600 has been a steadily performer for me . 
1	the peak 2600 has been a becalm performer for me . 
1	the peak 2600 has been a sweetie performer for me . 
1	the vertex 2600 has been a stiff performer for me . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would gyrate , read , spin some more and then evince on the presentation that there was no disc . 
0	it would tailspin , record , spin some more and then depict on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would twirl , study , spin some more and then record on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would twisting , read , spin some more and then designate on the display that there was no record . 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	capital video snip prime for a digital camera - so much unspoilt than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	gravid video clip choice for a digital camera - so much better than my old unrivaled (Canon A60(?)...the 2.nought megapixel one). 
1	great video lop quality for a digital camera - so much adept than my older peerless (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	majuscule video clip quality for a digital camera - so much punter than my old i (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel unitary). 
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only beef about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only crab about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the push . 
0	my only holler about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different affair it has displayed " no record " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disk " with a disc indoors . 
0	on several different occasions it has expose " no disc " with a disc interior . 
0	on several unlike occasions it has expose " no disc " with a disc inside . 
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the feature I would have liked, it was ripe than anything else single could find at the metre.
1	While it didn't have all the lineament I would have liked, it was proficient than anything else I could obtain at the clock.
1	While it didn't have all the sport single would have liked, it was amend than anything else I could discovery at the time.
1	spell it didn't have all the sport I would have liked, it was meliorate than anything else I could chance at the time.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've fancy no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've look no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've picture no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've understand no glitches.
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has intimately non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  ilk most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  wish most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" finis about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about Phoebe seconds.
0	The "movies" last about fivesome seconds.
0	The "movies" last about pentad seconds.
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most intersection will last if subscribe caution of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are fairly , in fact a great pot more sturdy , than my older radio .
1	 Most merchandise will live if guide care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a cracking sell more sturdy , than my Old radio .
1	 Most products will final if ingest tending of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , still , since they are somewhat , in fact a great muckle more stout , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will finis if subscribe care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this predominate , however , since they are reasonably , in fact a neat batch more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to enjoyment . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to expend . 
1	the buttons and interface are very sluttish to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very soft to use . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lens cap , but it wo n't let you have pics with it on which is substantial unspoilt . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you get pic with it on which is genuine full . 
1	it does have a lense crest , but it wo n't Lashkar-e-Tayyiba you hold exposure with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense crest , but it wo n't rent you contain pics with it on which is literal good . 
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color riddle which can not been chafe at all even with the fierce handling i leave it.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all fifty-fifty with the grating deal i render it.
1	A huge beautiful color sort which can not been inscribe at all even with the rough treatment i render it.
1	A immense beautiful distort screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rasping cover i give it.
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the loudness level on this phone is especially tranquillity . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume grade on this phone is especially unruffled . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this telephone is especially quietly . 
0	i have excellent listen but the volume level on this phone is especially tranquil . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the check are somewhat surd to use than the ipod , but i have beat apply to them , and even at the offset did not consider would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat grueling to exercise than the ipod , but i have develop expend to them , and even at the offset did not remember would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat tough to usage than the ipod , but i have scram manipulation to them , and level at the beginning did not mean would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the dominance are somewhat gruelling to use than the ipod , but i have come use to them , and even at the beginning did not remember would warrant the huge difference in Price . 
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's behind .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slack .
0	 USB Network warehousing - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB web storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement serve costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $hundred! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacing service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery surrogate service costs $100! 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's receipt isn't spectacular, but it will pickax up the most powerful post in any devote metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't dramatic, but it will option up the most powerful stations in any impart metro field. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will cull up the most potent stations in any sacrifice underground area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pickax up the most hefty stations in any return tube area. 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a ancestry tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a fairly useful application which convert all eccentric of metric ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a banal trailing app construct in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all character of metrics ( currency , length , field , etc ) . 
0	it also has a lineage tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat utilitarian application which commute all types of prosody ( currency , length , field , etc ) . 
0	it also has a parentage tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful covering which convince all types of metrics ( currentness , distance , area , etc ) . 
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It ne'er smelled - at all.
1	3. It never reek - at all.
1	trine. It never smelled - at all.
1	trio. It never smelled - at all.
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I feed up after several attempts to contact dlink underpin .
0	 I gave up after several attempts to reach dlink stand .
0	 I gave up after various essay to contact dlink support .
0	 I present up after several attempts to contact dlink indorse .
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	1 have determine too many bug in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and see.
0	I have retrieve too many hemipteron in Norton Internet certificate professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	iodine have institute too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any nonpareil without extremum patience and experience.
0	unity have rule too many badger in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any 1 without extreme patience and experience.
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... nevertheless . 
0	only I problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only one problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only single problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm allay very frustrated with some of the belongings , but now that I have saved equaliser settings and cognise I have to heart-to-heart up my sound wag 's control panel every sentence ane switch between music and TV or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very scotch with some of the properties , but now that iodine have salvage equalizer settings and know I have to spread up my sound board 's ensure panel every time ane interchange between music and videos or games , the sound is often more acceptable .
0	 i 'm static very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer circumstance and know I have to open up my good posting 's ascendance panel every metre I switch between music and videos or plot , the fathom is much more acceptable .
0	 unity 'm ease very cross with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and fuck 1 have to open up my levelheaded tease 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or gage , the well-grounded is much more acceptable .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The replacement negotiated the speed just fine and exhibit the router with a GigE associate .
1	 The swap negotiated the speed just delicately and presented the router with a GigE yoke .
1	 The tack negotiated the zip just hunky-dory and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The trade negotiated the speed just fine and award the router with a GigE join .
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the cyberspace procedure of the telephone - wap and gprs - will only crop through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu alternative that would enable you to configure the sound to be expend on a different network . 
0	the internet function of the sound - wap and gprs - will only study through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu alternative that would enable you to configure the phone to be utilize on a dissimilar meshing . 
0	the internet role of the phone - wap and gprs - will only bring through t-mobile 's service , because they have deleted the fare pick that would enable you to configure the earpiece to be used on a different net . 
0	the internet role of the telephone - wap and gprs - will only workplace through t-mobile 's avail , because they have deleted the menu alternative that would enable you to configure the telephone to be apply on a different network . 
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The clayey motor and continuously variable speed operate let this router churn through everything I discombobulate at it.
1	The heavily motor and incessantly variable speed contain let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The lowering motor and continuously variable speed ascendency lease this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The weighty motor and continuously variable speed command lease this router churn through everything I threw at it.
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd advocate this is you deprivation to wireless network your laptop, but if you require to wirelessly network a couple background together you might wishing to waiting until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd commend this is you need to wireless meshwork your laptop, but if you neediness to wirelessly net a span desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you desire to wireless meshwork your laptop, but if you neediness to wirelessly network a duad desktops together you might desire to waiting until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you lack to wireless network your laptop, but if you require to wirelessly network a copulate desktops together you mightiness wish to hold until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some boast in the user interface 
0	- some characteristic in the user interface 
0	- some feature in the user interface 
0	- some features in the user port 
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and real this is the effective phone one could have . 
1	and really this is the honorable headphone one could have . 
1	and really this is the honorable telephone one could have . 
1	and really this is the trump phone i could have . 
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative collision a home scat here, and 1 opine the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was skip Creative stumble a domicile ravel here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: ace was hoping Creative hit a home runnel here, and I consider the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up treble.  
1	eball metaphor: i was hoping Creative collision a place run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more alike a stand-up double.  
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user endorse service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too bully either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too cracking either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too large either.  
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 ace will have to wholeheartedly match with others here about the select of this speaker .
0	 one will have to wholeheartedly jibe with others here about the quality of this utterer .
0	 single will have to wholeheartedly jibe with others here about the timber of this speaker .
0	 unity will have to wholeheartedly harmonise with others here about the timbre of this speaker .
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an Old version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also demand to transfer it as well before proceed with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" establish, you may also pauperism to murder it as comfortably before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an one-time edition of "Internet Security" installed, you may also require to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks instal.
0	If you have an quondam version of "Internet certificate" installed, you May also need to remove it as good before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
1	battery life is ok . 
1	battery animation is ok . 
1	battery life is fine . 
1	battery life is okeh . 
1	shelling life is ok . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	boilersuit i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my flirt . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my plaything . 
1	overall i 'm well-chosen with my toy . 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	PC cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cablegram ? 
0	PC cablegram is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ L for a usb line ? 
0	pc telegraph is too expensive ... $ L for a usb cable ? 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly arrive to use to the interface and can receive any song / playlist etc dissolute enough . 
1	i quickly let to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc debauched sufficiency . 
1	i quickly scram to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc degenerate plenty . 
1	i speedily sustain to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc libertine enough . 
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 strung-out up to the D-Link extreme N , associate speed unload to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 surcharge up to the D-Link extreme N , connected velocity fell to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 swipe up to the D-Link extreme newton , connected speeding dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 thieve up to the D-Link extreme N , connected hurry overlook to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The home mesh lull functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal meshing still functioned , but it would not sink through the internet signal from the telegraph modem .
0	 The internal net still operate , but it would not sink through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The national network nonetheless functioned , but it would not head through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you agitate in the roll wheel to select , you have to fight straightforward in or it pin . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you campaign in the coil wheel to select , you have to fight unbowed in or it baffle . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you pushing in the coil wheel to choice , you have to push neat in or it baffle . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you tug in the roll wheel to select , you have to press straightforward in or it joystick . 
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is belittled and intimately designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is diminished and intimately designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is pocket-size and well designed ... i would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and considerably designed ... single would recomment it highly
1	good quality video . 
1	dependable quality video . 
1	good tone video . 
1	honorable quality video . 
1	secure quality video . 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the good recapitulation it induce, however I was not shanghai.
0	I registered for this item because of the just recap it draw, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the skillful reviews it stupefy, however I was not imprint.
0	I registered for this item because of the unspoilt reviews it stimulate, withal I was not impressed.
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys proficient sustenance site has nothing about configuring the router for utilization with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical accompaniment place has aught about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical patronize situation has nothing about configuring the router for use with a mackintosh. 
0	The Linksys technical underpin site has nothing about configuring the router for utilise with a mac. 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging depict to 8 1/2 tenner 11 with no visable loss in picture tone and not yet using the best possible localize as yet ( super amercement ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging envision to ogdoad 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in movie quality and not even using the secure possible circumstance as yet ( super exquisitely ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging picture to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in characterisation quality and not even using the outdo possible fructify as hitherto ( exceedingly fine ) . 
1	i 'm easy enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x xi with no visable loss in pic prime and not still using the best possible plant as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of bombardment, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of shelling, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	mouth of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	verbalise of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm conk to try to commence a refund but conceive all the hoop 1 jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a regorge and another download, plus interpret through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm decease to try to incur a return but considering all the hoops I skip through (emails, downloads, reboots, a regurgitate and another download, plus reading through the help carte) a refund should be twice as thwart.     
0	I'm last to examine to aim a refund but believe all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboot, a purge and another download, plus take through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrate.     
0	I'm pass to strain to incur a refund but view all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purging and another download, plus version through the serve menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very abstemious phone - a short less than 3 oz , with long battery biography ( not as long as the unexampled polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with tenacious bombardment animation ( not as long as the Modern polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very lightly phone - a little less than iii oz , with long battery lifespan ( not as foresightful as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very luminance phone - a little less than trinity oz , with hanker battery life ( not as long as the Modern polymer technology ) . 
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me categoric out, i'd say to work woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd allege to exit woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd enunciate to work woth something else.      
0	If soul necessitate me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm lot is grand and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm lot is howling and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm set is fantastic and it doesn't budge eventide at the gym.  
1	The arm striation is tremendous and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoyance when you pay $ hundred + for a router and it does n't ferment as it is theorize straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you yield $ 100 + for a router and it does n't knead as it is theorise square out of the box !
0	 Its gravel when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is divinatory unbowed out of the package !
0	 Its nettle when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't go as it is theorize uncoiled out of the box !
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	foursome megapixels is lot for all but pro , and you will not be foiled with the results of this camera . 
1	foursome megapixels is lot for all but professional , and you will not be disappointed with the issue of this camera . 
1	quaternary megapixels is enough for all but pros , and you will not be discomfited with the effect of this camera . 
1	tetrad megapixels is muckle for all but pros , and you will not be thwarted with the lead of this camera . 
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	boilersuit an excellent phone . 
1	overall an excellent headphone . 
1	overall an excellent ring . 
1	overall an fantabulous phone . 
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the assorted boards i encounter this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the respective boards i encounter this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various room i rule this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the versatile card i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the gravid cause not to buy whatsoever Norton merchandise:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to level tell them about it.
0	Next, the vainglorious rationality not to purchase ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton tear $30 to even Tell them about it.
0	next, the cock-a-hoop reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton guardianship $30 to still state them about it.
0	succeeding, the bountiful reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton shoot $30 to eventide Tell them about it.
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black gore it freshness in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and butt the black panel it glows in a neon dismal.   
1	It's so cute...and fundament the black panel it glows in a neon blue-blooded.   
1	It's so cute...and seat the black gore it glows in a neon blue.   
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic setting , i really have n't taken a bad picture even . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't hold a bad flick yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a spoiled flick yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a unfit picture withal . 
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pailful!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the dear diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the full diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the near diaper pail!
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I judge it again this morning and it aforesaid i didn't have the expect "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tested it again this sunup and it said I didn't have the ask "permit" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	iodine tried it again this morning and it said single didn't have the take "permit" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	single tried it again this morning and it allege I didn't have the postulate "permissions" and lacked proper administrator position.
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the Hades is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the Scheol is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is amiss with this thing . 
0	what the hell is awry with this thing . 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I find was that the creative wasn't well micturate. 
0	firstly thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't comfortably made. 
0	inaugural thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well induce. 
0	kickoff thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well urinate. 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying fount that came with mine comprehend up the display , so tied though the side ascendancy are reachable , i have to undefended it up to reckon the display . 
0	also , the carrying sheath that derive with mine concealment up the display , so even though the side ascertain are reachable , i have to opened it up to examine the display . 
0	also , the carrying suit that came with mine covering up the display , so regular though the side ensure are reachable , i have to undecided it up to consider the display . 
0	also , the contain case that come with mine plow up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to surface it up to find the exhibit . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( niner ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise okay . 
0	a niggling rotund ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a picayune weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise ticket . 
0	a trivial weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise amercement . 
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie motivation it's own refill bags in rank to run and that's just more money that you don't have to pass.
0	The Diaper Genie motivation it's own refill udder in range to workplace and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper genie pauperism it's own refill bags in govern to sour and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper jinni needs it's own refill bulge in order to mold and that's just more money that you don't have to drop.
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is I very nark problem with this sit though : the keyboard is `` unenviable '' - intend , despite this tablet is brandmark new and just arrived , when ace press and passing a key on the keyboard it acts as if I continue it campaign , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is i very vexing problem with this modeling though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this pill is stigmatize new and just arrived , when I compact and relinquish a key on the keyboard it number as if I keep it pressed , continuing to type the same role again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this posture though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - significant , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when one crusade and handout a describe on the keyboard it acts as if iodin prevent it press , keep to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is unrivalled very vexatious problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` pasty '' - signification , despite this tablet is firebrand new and just arrived , when I pressing and sack a key on the keyboard it number as if I kept it constrict , continuing to type the same eccentric again and again .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the dark and the gabardine speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the lightlessness and the white utterer are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the melanize and the whiteness speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the nigrify and the white speaker are economically priced and worth it .
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't motive to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to sire blackamoor! - Sound: awing! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't necessitate to cough up an special couple bucks for a "special edition" to commence Negroid! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an duplicate duo bucks for a "special edition" to arrest Negro! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple buck for a "special edition" to bring Black! - wakeless: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally feed up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally pay up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have ultimately given up.
0	After 4 seek installs, I have finally given up.
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "aura" light that surrounds the feeling dramatize, and light's up when you disturb the screen, and how the spark gleam when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" calorie-free that fence the stir pad, and light's up when you trace the sort, and how the weak glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" lite that surrounds the rival pad, and light's up when you equal the screen, and how the light incandescence when the dot is join to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" luminance that border the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the test, and how the perch glows when the pane is tie to the computer. 
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This i is peculiarly bothersome: Allegedly unitary can use the Zen Micro as a portable parkway to store and carry data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can apply the pane Micro as a portable ride to stock and enrapture data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly peerless can use the pane Micro as a portable cause to depot and transfer data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly pestiferous: Allegedly one can consumption the Zen Micro as a portable tug to storehouse and transmit data from one computer to another.
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the pace plans are also very unspoilt , at least for me . 
1	the range plans are also very dependable , at least for me . 
1	the range plans are also very secure , at least for me . 
1	the range plans are also very serious , at least for me . 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had discommode take svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my older apex ad-1200 had inconvenience with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had disturb interpret svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my previous apex ad-1200 had incommode with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble record svcds that i produce and vbr mp3 CD ( my old apex ad-1200 had distract with these ) . 
1	besides , i have not had trouble show svcds that i make and vbr mp3 cds ( my sometime apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it meet very nice mms depiction from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mm pictures from other gsm sound . 
1	it receives very nice mms exposure from other gsm telephone . 
1	it receives very nice mms render from other gsm telephone . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the riddle is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and doughnut tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring intone are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring look are unlimited . 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have choice and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have prime and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability trouble. 
0	They patently have quality and reliability problems. 
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I determine this feature on this ring useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, iodin don't really employ it.
0	I discover this feature on this sound useless, but, since I don't really want this function anyway, I don't rattling use it.
0	I feel this feature on this telephone useless, but, since single don't really need this operate anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since single don't really ask this function anyway, I don't real enjoyment it.
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is garish and cheasy - not sure how recollective it 'll survive , but for 50 sawbuck what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is gimcrack and cheasy - not indisputable how long it 'll terminal , but for 50 sawhorse what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is sleazy and cheasy - not sure how recollective it 'll concluding , but for fifty bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is tatty and cheasy - not surely how farseeing it 'll live , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit form large with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily act without bring your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit oeuvre great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easy lick without learn your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit shape great with my cassette adaptor for my car & is also easily run without fetching your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works bully with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily lick without strike your eyeball off the road ! 
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not dally some DVD and then lastly after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i kill in it . 
0	- not flirt some dvds and then finally after less than 60 daytime , it just would not recognise anything i popping in it . 
0	- not trifle some videodisc and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not spot anything i soda in it . 
0	- not wager some videodisc and then last after less than 60 days , it just would not discern anything i pop in it . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would plosive act in the middle , or not even be record at all . 
0	then my dvds would plosive bet in the middle , or not regular be read at all . 
0	then my dvds would point fiddle in the middle , or not even be say at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop flirt in the midway , or not flush be read at all . 
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a astuteness is mesh, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will alternate off a little while mould.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will derail off a little while run.
0	erst a depth is locked, it will jumping off a little while working.
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I silence have to scope below the shelve to control the spindle lock (and, of class, the velocity and ON/turned controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my moment changing has been execute above the remit, although I still have to reach below the table to maneuver the spindle lock (and, of form, the speeding and ON/OFF moderate).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my scrap switch has been serve above the mesa, although I distillery have to reach below the shelve to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/slay controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my snatch changing has been arrange above the table, although I silent have to give below the table to go the spindle lock (and, of course, the hasten and ON/OFF manipulate).
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 Very sturdy and solid.
1	 rattling sturdy and strong.
1	 real sturdy and strong.
1	 really sturdy and strong.
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I come about 700 plastered up before it told me 1 was full, and at that designate, ane was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I go about 700 soused up before it told me iodin was full, and at that manoeuver, i was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I incur about 700 loaded up before it recite me iodine was entire, and at that show, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	iodine got about 700 loaded up before it secern me single was wide, and at that maneuver, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was forge fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signalise melt . 
0	this unit was shape alright for the 1st month and a half and then the colouration signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was working OK for the 1st month and a one-half and then the color signal melt . 
0	this unit was workings fine for the 1st month and a half and then the emblazon signalise disappeared . 
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To draw matters study, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To give matters work, there is no manual nullification to overcome this problem.
0	To prepare matters play, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To realise matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this trouble.
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not act as advertised I called stand .
0	 Since it would not form as advertised I foretell support .
0	 Since it would not turn as advertised I ring support .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised 1 called accompaniment .
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	bed contrast is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	hindquarters line is that at $160, this is an absolute bargain.
1	nates melody is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	rear contrast is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After enquiry of other creative concentrated drive histrion, i found that most of them aren't very undestroyable and tend to crash (understand most reviews on amazon.com and realise for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative grueling cause players, i base that most of them aren't very durable and tend to clash (translate most reviews on amazon.com and understand for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative tough campaign thespian, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to smash (say most recap on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research of other originative arduous drive instrumentalist, i retrieve that most of them aren't very durable and tend to clangor (read most reexamine on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	child complaints : ane ) even though the music is class via id3 tag on the player , the alternative to hunt for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	child ill : 1 ) fifty-fifty though the music is assort via id3 track on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor ill : 1 ) still though the music is sorted via id3 tatter on the participant , the option to search for euphony contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	underage ill : 1 ) fifty-fifty though the music is grouped via id3 tag on the thespian , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant pooh-pooh for any products throw by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant reject for any production made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute twinkling patronage for any products made by apex . 
0	think my shock - and absolute wink disdain for any products made by apex . 
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, soft to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, well-off to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, well-to-do to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	swell product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are majuscule for the price .
1	 These monitors are neat for the price .
1	 These monitors are outstanding for the price .
1	 These varan are great for the price .
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it did not function .
0	 Easy enough but it did not knead .
0	 soft enough but it did not work .
0	 well-situated enough but it did not work .
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its get, how this little camera get, such great pics, it eventide brings out ur zit on the font. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its pose, how this minuscule camera produces, such groovy pics, it fifty-fifty fetch out ur pimples on the face. 
1	one have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such heavy pics, it yet brings out ur pimple on the cheek. 
1	unity have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such bully pic, it tied brings out ur pimples on the front. 
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it life-threatening, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious installment problems.
0	showtime, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	start, it serious, serious installation problems.
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal check between rail ; when listening to music that preserve from unmatchable track to the succeeding the gap is just a hesitation - a slimly audible flick ; if i am not listening for the progress from one runway to the next i do n't tied notice the chink . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between dog ; when listening to music that retain from one chase to the next the breach is just a hesitation - a slightly audible snap ; if i am not listening for the build from unitary track to the next i do n't level mark the dog . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that uphold from unrivaled chase to the adjacent the spread is just a hesitation - a slightly audible penetrate ; if i am not hear for the progress from nonpareil rails to the next i do n't even notice the cluck . 
1	the zen has minimum halt between tail ; when heed to music that uphold from one track to the next the opening is just a vacillation - a slightly audible detent ; if i am not listening for the progress from one racetrack to the next i do n't even detect the click . 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some difficulty with its autofocus on a few occasional scene, especially spry candid slam where you begin up and injection as fast as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some discommode with its autofocus on a few occasional visualise, especially straightaway point-blank slam where you showtime up and injection as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some problem with its autofocus on a few occasional photograph, especially ready open snap where you get-go up and fool as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some upset with its autofocus on a few occasional see, especially fast candid crack where you pop up and guesswork as agile as you can. 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	cause the program to install properly has been a exist hell experience . 
0	getting the program to establish properly has been a last hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a populate Inferno experience . 
0	grow the program to install properly has been a living Inferno experience . 
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I stupefy concluded coverage everywhere in my theater -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's place in the corner of my basement .
1	 ane pose arrant reporting everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 one beget staring coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the recession of my basement .
1	 single commence complete coverage everywhere in my theater -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the tree of my basement .
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the describe are tightly take in and your fingers will likely press ii headstone at once.
0	You'll do that because the distinguish are tightly mob in and your fingers will likely weightlift two distinguish at once.
0	You'll do that because the headstone are tightly packed in and your fingers will belike fight two headstone at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly backpack in and your digit will likely crush two distinguish at once.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not good done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well act, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well coif, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well do, either.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not comminute accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not cranch accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not grate accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not strand accurately.
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software did not make correctly . 
0	on my main computer the software did not run properly . 
0	on my main figurer the software did not forge right . 
0	on my main reckoner the software did not go right . 
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera USA a lithium battery, iodine find lithium shelling to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the skinny rank to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are sound to witness Li bombardment there.
0	This camera employ a lithium barrage, I feel lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on holiday, where the nearest grade to buy batteries is just a swash station--there is no style that you are move to witness lithium batteries there.
0	This camera habituate a lithium barrage, I rule lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest rate to bargain batteries is just a blow station--there is no means that you are operate to incur lithium batteries there.
0	This camera usage a lithium battery, ane obtain lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the penny-pinching station to buy batteries is just a petrol station--there is no manner that you are work to observe lithium batteries there.
0	First off, the battery.
0	beginning off, the battery.
0	firstly off, the battery.
0	low off, the battery.
0	maiden off, the battery.
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others enjoin not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not bright sufficiency ?
0	 In fact others say not burnished enough ?
0	 In fact others say not shining enough ?
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be much delete of text as, nonpareil would tend to type something instead of the literal letters.
0	There will be much delete of text as, one would run to type something alternatively of the actual letters.
0	thither will be much erasing of text as, i would run to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	thither will be much erasing of text as, unmatched would incline to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which ready uracil experience photography on a whole new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which work us live photography on a totally newfangled level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very constrict camera , which fix us experience photography on a totally new unwavering ! 
1	over all a marvellous very stocky camera , which made us experience photography on a all new level ! 
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This aerodynamic looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This silky looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking Monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking supervise is absolutely awesome !!
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The barrage is also convenient, but could have been undecomposed, such as the dose Touch's battery (but at least this nonpareil is removable).    
1	The battery is also commodious, but could have been punter, such as the Zen Touch's shelling (but at least this one is obliterable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been undecomposed, such as the dot Touch's shelling (but at least this I is removable).    
1	The battery is too convenient, but could have been skilful, such as the dose Touch's barrage (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The deal micturate it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles have it very comfortable to habituate and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles hit it very comfortable to enjoyment and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles urinate it very comfortable to employment and I experience little vibration.
1	great camera . 
1	dandy camera . 
1	heavy camera . 
1	outstanding camera . 
1	swell camera . 
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various applications clangoring.
0	Sometimes, various applications clash.
0	Sometimes, various covering crash.
0	Sometimes, various diligence crash.
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a impregnable " new electronics " feeling for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a potent " new electronics " spirit for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a warm " new electronics " reek for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a warm " new electronics " smelling for some time . 
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not become it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to go .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not induce it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not sustain it to work .
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easy and all unmatched has to do is drum the diaper down and summerset the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the title-holder easily and all unrivaled has to do is swot the diaper down and flip the treat.
1	The dish attach inside the chomp easily and all unrivalled has to do is cram the diaper down and somerset the handle.
1	The udder attach inside the title-holder easily and all unmatched has to do is jampack the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad Explorer allow most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs comparable notmad . 
1	the nomad Explorer provide most of the functionality tender by 3rd party programs ilk notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offer by 3rd party programme alike notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer supply most of the functionality offered by 3rd party program corresponding notmad . 
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was enceinte , as foresighted as you have an adminstrative user invoice ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was groovy , as long as you have an adminstrative user describe ( windowpane xp ) . 
1	the software was smashing , as longsighted as you have an adminstrative user history ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was swell , as prospicient as you have an adminstrative user describe ( windows xp ) . 
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The effectual is bright and authorize, the ability to shop any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is expectant, and I plan to stimulate use of the storage space and reasoned recording from time to sentence.    
1	The fathom is bright and unmortgaged, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved charge) is slap-up, and I plan to nominate usance of the storage space and sound show from time to time.    
1	The levelheaded is undimmed and exonerate, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is neat, and I plan to score use of the storage place and sound recording from time to clip.    
1	The voice is bright and enlighten, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved lodge) is expectant, and iodin plan to make employment of the storage space and level-headed recording from time to time.    
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: fallible reception     
0	- Radio Quality: watery reception     
0	- Radio select: weak reception     
0	- wireless Quality: weak reception     
1	very simple to use . 
1	very mere to use . 
1	very simple to consumption . 
1	very simple to utilise . 
1	very wide-eyed to use . 
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone calibre is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it shake !
1	speaker phone character is estimable, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone lineament is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it Rock !
1	speaker phone quality is full, and kill in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen reexamination could be better.  
0	Screen revaluation could be better.  
0	Screen review could be easily.  
0	Screen review could be well.  
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and clumsy . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to number out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to physique out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is unmanageable to figure out and awkward . 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now die me twice in the light couple of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now fail me twice in the short duad of time name .
0	 This model router has now failed me double in the curtly straddle of time mentioned .
0	 This modelling router has now failed me double in the short span of clip mentioned .
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly hoy than the g2 and jammed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and carry with even more sport . 
1	it 's slightly lite than the g2 and jam with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly loose than the g2 and packed with even more characteristic . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after fleece the thing up , i feel that it would only spiel less than 50 % of the videodisc i put in it . 
0	after pilfer the thing up , i detect that it would only represent less than 50 % of the dvds i commit in it . 
0	after purloin the thing up , i determine that it would only recreate less than 50 % of the dvds i arrange in it . 
0	after rob the thing up , i establish that it would only meet less than 50 % of the dvds i cast in it . 
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 altogether image software reach you is a fantasy earth designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 bleak image software afford you is a fantasy globe designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 new image software reach you is a fantasy humans designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw figure software make you is a fantasy Earth designed to please the uncritical . 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the earphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone diddlysquat seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jackfruit seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone squat seems to be a major problem . 
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , nappy images .
1	 astute , crisp images .
1	 precipitous , crisp images .
1	 sharp , crisp images .
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom choke up and down in enlargement , which is nice , but there is perpetually a expose of the whizz size about one-quarter of the way down from the meridian of the concealment that interpose with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom conk up and down in magnification , which is skillful , but there is forever a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the direction down from the exceed of the blind that interferes with view at most scope . 
0	the zoom last up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is ever a display of the surge size about one-quarter of the way down from the pinnacle of the sort that intervene with see at most context . 
0	the zoom run up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is forever a showing of the zoom size about fourth of the style down from the summit of the sieve that interferes with wake at most settings . 
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It admit about 20 to 90 sec to number gage online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't legal that big until you get nailed 10 times in ace hour -LRB- that 's about as regretful as it gets ; sometimes it go for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It conduct approximately 20 to 90 seconds to cum indorse online -LRB- I have n't time it -RRB- , which does n't reasoned that bad until you get nailed x times in 1 hour -LRB- that 's about as big as it beat ; sometimes it conk for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It hire approximately 20 to 90 seconds to arrive gage online -LRB- one have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't reasoned that speculative until you get nailed 10 times in unmatched hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it acquire ; sometimes it rifle for hour without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It shoot around 20 to 90 irregular to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you take collar X clock in one hour -LRB- that 's about as speculative as it have ; sometimes it ecstasy for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a aim flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a designing flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a plan flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a project flaw in the headphone!
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery baron not sufficient for everyday usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) equally usual, battery power not sufficient for everyday usuage.
0	directly the risky:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	now the bad:  1) As usual, battery mightiness not sufficient for daily usuage.
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to baffle the packaging that still included all the appurtenance (desk stand/hard pillowcase, belt jog, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that noneffervescent included all the accessories (desk standpoint/difficult case, bash clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to induce the package that calm included all the accessories (desk stand/hard encase, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to receive the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk bandstand/hard example, belt clip, paries charger, etc). 
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the commercialize, the iPod has one of the worst bombardment about.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the grocery, the iPod has nonpareil of the defective batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has single of the worst shelling approximately.
0	 battery: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the defective batteries about.
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and kibosh , and presentation " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and stay , and display " no record " . 
0	it would just spin up and terminate , and exhibit " no disc " . 
0	it would just twisting up and halt , and display " no disc " . 
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is extremely recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly advocate otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly commend otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly recommend otherwise . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to livelihood less clutter , but the button would sometimes begin cleave or hold scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to livelihood less clutter , but the button would sometimes stick flummox or support scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a overnice approximation to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes arrest mystify or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a prissy idea to donjon less clutter , but the clitoris would sometimes draw stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can see symantec's website, tick the support pill, detent the 'plate or domicile office support' and there is an automate support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not workings correctly and how to ready it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's site, chatter the bear tablet, click the 'home or domicile office support' and there is an automated abide assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will secern you what is not run compensate and how to jam it.
0	If you experience problems with installment, you can confab symantec's website, flick the support chit, click the 'base or home office support' and there is an automatise suffer assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not operative properly and how to mess it.
0	If you experience problems with installment, you can visit symantec's website, snap the sustain tab, clack the 'home or home spot support' and there is an automatize hold assistant that can scan the Norton program register on your computer and it will tell you what is not mold correctly and how to fix it.
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 last less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than sextuplet months . 
0	each of the quaternary lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the quaternity lasted less than six months . 
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	even when I solidifying it to humbled, it's still very intemperate for me to set the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	fifty-fifty when I countersink it to grim, it's soundless very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I lack it to do.  
0	level when I laid it to low, it's ease very tough for me to adjust the histrion to where and what I want it to do.  
0	still when I laid it to small, it's still very laborious for me to adjust the player to where and what ane want it to do.  
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had job focusing in low-toned clear and would not occupy the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been unloose a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems centre in first luminance and would not consider the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few back . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in lowly light and would not yield the exposure when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been expel a few minute . 
0	the g3 had problems rivet in low illumine and would not postulate the picture when the shutter was contract but after the shutter had been released a few endorse . 
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can drive pretty stinky recollective before the pail is broad.
0	The only downside to this is that it can incur reasonably stinky hanker before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can mystify pretty stinky yearn before the pail is entire.
0	The only downside to this is that it can pose pretty stinky longsighted before the pail is wide.
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't knead , and our shaver were waste to say the least . 
0	the inaugural one we installed did n't exploit , and our nipper were devastated to say the least . 
0	the low one we installed did n't workplace , and our kids were devastated to allege the least . 
0	the showtime unmatched we installed did n't work , and our kids were waste to say the least . 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awe-inspiring , you can encounter everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can check everything you want and learn it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can watch everything you need and read it clearly 
1	the presentation is awesome , you can understand everything you want and read it clearly 
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI add-in ejaculate out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these first-rate displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card come out , i 'll take purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card derive out , I 'll believe purchasing unitary more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card do out , I 'll consider purchasing unitary more of these A-one displays .
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't mean the external trade is much of a feature because in the end , you have to see how to identify IP accost , interchange the router from from a dynamic to still IP accost , and portion a electrostatic IP speech that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the goal , you have to memorise how to place IP speak , permutation the router from from a dynamic to inactive IP speech , and designate a unchanging IP savoir-faire that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 ace do n't think the external swap is much of a feature because in the finish , you have to learn how to key IP cover , replacement the router from from a dynamic to static IP destination , and put a static informatics speak that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 iodine do n't retrieve the extraneous substitution is much of a feature because in the closing , you have to instruct how to describe IP addresses , switching the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a atmospherics IP destination that is compatible with your router or modem .
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very felicitous with this monitor .
1	 I am very happy with this proctor .
1	 I am very happy with this supervise .
1	 ace am very happy with this monitor .
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll ever have room for young technologies as they acquire . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll forever have room for young technologies as they develop . 
1	this has so many capability that you 'll constantly have room for young technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capacity that you 'll always have room for New technology as they evolve . 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	ternion ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transport files rearward and forth to utilisation the nomad as an external although the tech keep web-site states that the chief mean purport of the player is as a player . 
1	triad ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) bring well to channelize files endorse and forth to use the nomad as an outside although the tech support web-site State that the basal designate purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	trio ) the nomad explorer ( winxp mode interface ) plant considerably to transfer files game and forth to usance the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site commonwealth that the primary intended purpose of the participant is as a player . 
1	triplet ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) turn intimately to remove files back and forth to use the nomad as an outside although the tech back web-site states that the elementary intended purpose of the player is as a participant . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is marvellous in size and design , imo seem better than the ipods . 
1	the system is marvelous in size and design , imo looking full than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and contrive , imo looking better than the iPod . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo count ripe than the ipods . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast advancing " button works , but it submit a little extra pressure on it to make it ecstasy . 
0	my " fast forward " button forge , but it takes a little extra imperativeness on it to piss it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it drive a little extra pressure on it to crap it exit . 
0	my " flying forward " button operate , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it become . 
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	Versatile and fashionable.
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	various and stylish.
1	versatile and stylish.
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from eve the most extreme view angles ca n't be pulse .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme see tilt ca n't be crush .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from level the most utmost viewing angles ca n't be dead .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from yet the most extreme regard angles ca n't be exhaust .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and articulate they would transmit a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and enjoin they would send a fresh one .
0	 They said the production was defective and said they would send a new single .
0	 They tell the product was defective and said they would send a unexampled one .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` restrict lifetime warranty '' means it may engage a lifetime to collect on the warrantee .
0	 I guesswork that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may convey a life-time to collect on the warranty .
0	 I hypothesis that `` restrict lifetime warrant '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I shot that `` limited life warranty '' means it May take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - much seamless . 
1	interface - practically unlined . 
1	interface - practically unseamed . 
1	port - practically seamless . 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	1 also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I correspond that the advanced ascendency on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall image quality goes head-to-head with the digital arise. 
0	1 also own a Canon Digital Rebel and single agree that the advanced insure on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall flick quality conk head-to-head with the Digital maverick. 
0	i also own a Canon Digital renegade and I agree that the upgrade insure on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality pass head-to-head with the Digital greyback. 
0	one also own a canyon Digital Rebel and single agree that the win ensure on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality spell head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been fabulously happy with this camera.
1	I've been fantastically happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly felicitous with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly well-chosen with this camera.
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely big items .
1	 Both are absolutely great item .
1	 Both are absolutely great token .
1	 Both are absolutely heavy items .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously riotous .
1	 The computer manoeuvre processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer organize processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer target processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only 1 complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the individual you are calling do the headphone , not while it is border . 
0	only I ill about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are scream suffice the phone , not while it is environ . 
0	only ane complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone sport once the person you are visit resolve the phone , not while it is sonorousness . 
0	only ane complaint about the speakerphone , you can only trigger the speakerphone have once the person you are scream answers the phone , not while it is reverberate . 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit descend with the USB/firewire cable as a criterion item now. 
1	 This unit descend with the USB/firewire cable as a standard token now. 
1	 This unit follow with the USB/firewire cable as a received item now. 
1	 This whole cum with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i accept they had exceptional avail , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is direful . 
0	i false they had exceptional service , but their reception in my orbit ( los angeles ) is fearful . 
0	i fictitious they had surpassing service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is terrible . 
0	i wear they had exceptional servicing , but their reception in my expanse ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
1	Go for the Champ.
1	conk for the Champ.
1	fail for the Champ.
1	fit for the Champ.
1	proceed for the Champ.
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I place Creative customer service trinity emails in which they did not help me one routine and don't seem to fifty-fifty want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service triad emails in which they did not help me ane bit and don't seem to even desire to supporter.  
0	I sent creative customer service trinity emails in which they did not help me one bite and don't seem to even require to help.  
0	unity sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one chip and don't seem to flush want to assist.  
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this or advance.
0	So, DON'T buy this or promote.
0	So, DON'T buy this or rise.
0	so, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a purple botheration to establish, and don't affair properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a purple pain to install, and don't serve properly once finally instal -- if you can instal them at all.
0	They are a royal nuisance to install, and don't affair properly once ultimately establish -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal trouble to install, and don't function properly once ultimately establish -- if you can instal them at all.
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 general remotes so far-all claiming to crop " apex " DVD players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to workplace " apex " dvd actor and none lick . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all take to exploit " apex " dvd players and none mould . 
0	we 've purchased troika general remotes so far-all claiming to play " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphone are n't the expert , but you can really expect much out of the minor headphones you insert in the ear caries . 
0	the headphones are n't the comfortably , but you can actually expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the pinna cavum . 
0	the headphones are n't the intimately , but you can really expect much out of the modest headphones you infix in the ear pit . 
0	the phone are n't the near , but you can really expect practically out of the pocket-sized headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false facile plate instead of play showing . 
0	the 2600 had false silver denture instead of meet display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of wager exhibit . 
0	the 2600 had false smooth-spoken plate instead of toy display . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad conceive the file is corrupted the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad remember the file is crooked the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is buy the oxygen freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is vitiate the os frost . 
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton product, neither act after installation?
0	But if I installed either single of these Norton products, neither works after installing?
0	But if ane installed either one of these Norton products, neither deeds after installation?
0	But if i installed either one of these Norton products, neither workings after installation?
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 amount with excellent slowly to instal software i exercise it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 come with splendid light to install software i use it on xp and win98 without job , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 follow with first-class well-situated to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and television cable . 
1	the 4300 semen with excellent well-fixed to install software i purpose it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video wire . 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The mentality synch only study for non recurring appointment, which personally is very annoying to me but belike wont be to most people. - ##Several masses complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm jump to learn why. 
0	- The outlook synch only act for not revenant designation, which personally is very pestering to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm pop to fancy why. 
0	- The outlook synch only mold for non recur appointments, which personally is very pestering to me but probably wont be to most multitude. - ##Several people kick about the touchpad and frankly i'm start to watch why. 
0	- The outlook synch only solve for non recurring fitting, which personally is very vexing to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several masses plain about the touchpad and frankly i'm start to encounter why. 
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I take many recap on Norton iodine.S. 2004 from a diversity of sources (Cnet, amazon, message boards) and came to the decision that NIS 04 was a fearful product and not worth the update.
0	I understand many follow-up on Norton I.S. 2004 from a diverseness of beginning (Cnet, amazon, message boards) and follow to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a horrendous product and not worth the update.
0	ane read many reexamination on Norton I.sulfur. 2004 from a smorgasbord of sources (Cnet, virago, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a abominable product and not deserving the update.
0	iodine read many critique on Norton I.south. 2004 from a variety of source (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the finale that NIS 04 was a horrific merchandise and not worth the update.
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't cristal into the details here , as the online locate ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) proceed into big depth in their survey , but i am very pleased with the have , the speed , the photo quality , the tractableness , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offering . 
1	i wo n't rifle into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) ecstasy into majuscule depth in their reexamine , but i am very pleased with the characteristic , the hasten , the exposure caliber , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera tender . 
1	i wo n't start into the details here , as the online model ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) function into cracking depth in their reviews , but i am very please with the features , the hasten , the see quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the usable conveniences this camera tender . 
1	i wo n't survive into the particular here , as the online locate ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) plump into expectant depth in their reexamine , but i am very pleased with the features , the zip , the depict quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera volunteer . 
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable hotfoot control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed ascertain went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control conk out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control fit out.
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router exploit fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router ferment fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router make fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works amercement for both wired and wireless.  
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	1 dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to bear the histrion securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the whang clip cuz it fails to obligate the player securely (design job). 
0	ane dont utilize the belt clip cuz it fail to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	single dont employ the belt trot cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So I fill out the battery and invest it back in again, only to discover that it would not make.  
0	So I involve out the battery and lay it second in again, only to find that it would not make.  
0	So one lead out the battery and put it back in again, only to incur that it would not knead.  
0	so I contract out the battery and put it back in again, only to discovery that it would not turn.  
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately constitute the pucture being acquire.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately present the pucture being consume.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately present the pucture being contain.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately stage the pucture being consume.
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 1 spent quaternity hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I drop 4 hours on that and I could n't tie to the internet .
0	 ane fagged 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 i spent foursome hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i bring it for my sister in college and she bang it ! 
1	i land it for my sister in college and she beloved it ! 
1	i land it for my sister in college and she dearest it ! 
1	i take it for my sister in college and she passion it ! 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a breeze with the included software. 
1	remove MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	shift MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	transplant MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	I love this product!
1	I fuck this product!
1	I love this merchandise!
1	I passion this product!
1	ane love this product!
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	video output arrest workin . 
0	video output block workin . 
0	video output check workin . 
0	video outturn stopped workin . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that arrive with it do n't explain how to pee things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to earn things simple-minded . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to seduce things unproblematic . 
0	the instructions that derive with it do n't explain how to work things simple . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the buy matchless sting , and i never leave menage without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't ruefulness the purchase ace chip , and i never leave-taking home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a workweek now , do n't regret the purchase single second , and i never leave abode without it . 
1	i 've had it for a workweek now , do n't regret the purchase unrivaled sting , and i never exit home without it . 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colorize are a joke, and I personally hate the pudden-head vertical touchpad. 
0	The colours are a joke, and I personally hate the stunned vertical touchpad. 
0	The gloss are a joke, and I personally hate the dullard vertical touchpad. 
0	The semblance are a joke, and I personally hate the pillock vertical touchpad. 
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my inevitably .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my want .
1	 coloration and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 emblazon and contrast are perfect for my needs .
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad dose lock-up several sentence . 
0	i 've also had the nomad dose lock-up various times . 
0	i 've too had the nomad battery-acid lock-up several times . 
0	i 've too had the nomad zen lock-up respective times . 
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can attend a drastic difference between this monitor and dingle Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , cleverness and viewing angle .
1	 I can image a drastic difference between this varan and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and showing slant .
1	 ane can attend a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terminus of contrast , cleverness and viewing angles .
1	 i can watch a drastic difference between this monitor and dingle Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing tilt .
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i buy the nomad jukebox superman xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox Elvis xtra 40gb and it is terrific ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox battery-acid xtra 40gb and it is fantastical ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox dose xtra 40gb and it is terrific ! 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a phonation recorder and Fm tuner that you can only incur on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It too has a interpreter record-keeper and FM radio that you can only become on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It too has a vocalisation registrar and FM radio that you can only stick on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It too has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only fix on an iPod if you but an transcriber seperately. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this entail aught, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary plan flaw: afterward tercet months, give or yield a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the life-threatening, dangerous, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary aim flaw: After 3 months, founder or fill a few weeks, you won't be able to see anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, dazed and ridiculously elemenatary intention flaw: After tierce months, generate or deal a few workweek, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary contrive flaw: After three month, throw or ask a few weeks, you won't be capable to hear anything. 
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and issue those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and ply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid clean Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid whiteness Headphones. 
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm contribute it 1 asterisk because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other fuckup by other caller (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be sound .... but if you're produce a Nokia , don't obtain this ane .
0	I'm feed it 1 adept because as compared to other Nokia ring , its a 1 , compared to other foul-up by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be serious .... but if you're receive a Nokia , don't come this unity .
0	I'm gift it 1 wizard because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a ace , compared to other blunders by other troupe (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be goodness .... but if you're sustain a Nokia , don't cause this i .
0	I'm gift it ace star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other flub by other accompany (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be practiced .... but if you're acquire a Nokia , don't receive this i .
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i endeavour navigating to a chapter retiring 34 via the carte and it would n't do it ! 
0	i endeavour pilot to a chapter yesteryear 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i essay pilot to a chapter yesteryear 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try pilot to a chapter retiring 34 via the card and it would n't do it ! 
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	1 have been absolutely, whole satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, all satisfied with the production and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, all satisfy with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been dead, completely satisfied with the intersection and its capabilities.
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	any...  on to the negatives:  -feisty about bill... you can hurt the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't ascent the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the histrion incline of the cord before punch in the outlet face. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -feisty about rouse... you can price the battery and seriously lessen it's lifespan if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to forever wad in the musician side of the cord before plugging in the outlet face. 
0	whatever...  on to the veto:  -touchy about consign... you can damage the battery and severely decrease it's lifetime if you don't advance the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always hype in the actor face of the cord before plugging in the exit side. 
0	whatsoever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about commove... you can damage the battery and seriously minify it's liveliness if you don't promote the firmware OR dont' listen the advice to always stopper in the thespian side of the cord before plugging in the outlet English. 
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i guess the software was decent enough - it was n't refine to read at all . 
1	i reckon the software was decent sufficiency - it was n't refine to learn at all . 
1	i recollect the software was decent enough - it was n't rarify to larn at all . 
1	i thinking the software was becoming enough - it was n't complicated to check at all . 
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful conflict between the two versions aside from the tedius activation litigate, and the product is currently rather dotty and has problems operate unless cleanly establish on a formatted effort.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the 2 versions digression from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently quite loopy and has problems go unless cleanly installed on a initialise drive.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two version aside from the tedius activation serve, and the product is currently rather whacky and has problems endure unless cleanly installed on a initialise labor.
0	There is trivial meaningful dispute between the two edition parenthesis from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather kookie and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted repel.
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash plug-in . as look , i happily ground that qualities of the icon are first-class with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly work are very standardized to slr models , and with supply convenience of a digital camera that you can reckon project directly . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash tease . as expected , i happily launch that qualities of the show are fantabulous with 3m-4m pixel / alright combos and many of the user-friendly occasion are very similar to slr example , and with lend convenience of a digital camera that you can visit envision forthwith . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flashy plug-in . as expected , i happily incur that timbre of the painting are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / finely combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very like to slr model , and with impart convenience of a digital camera that you can visualize painting immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra tawdry placard . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pel / exquisitely combos and many of the user-friendly procedure are very similar to slr exemplar , and with supply gizmo of a digital camera that you can catch characterization now . 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad effect [non-intuitive] and pitiful instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and short instruction guidebook killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad payoff [non-intuitive] and poor instruction conduct killed it. 
0	unfortunately, the touch-pad yield [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link fetch greedy and in essay to sell you their pathetic extras give the product unusable .
0	 D-Link fix greedy and in trying to deal you their pathetic extras name the product unusable .
0	 D-Link get greedy and in trying to sell you their ridiculous extras do the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their hapless supernumerary clear the product unusable .
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i practice it primarily in the provided protective cause although i have cast it about deuce-ace feet from my desk ( by accident ) as intimately as have roleplay it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by conception ) and it has continued to make fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the cater protective case although i have fell it about 3 ft from my desk ( by accident ) as substantially as have bring it outdoors in - XXX fahrenheit weather ( by conception ) and it has continued to oeuvre fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the offer protective case although i have dangle it about 3 infantry from my desk ( by accident ) as substantially as have bring it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by excogitation ) and it has continued to exercise hunky-dory . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective vitrine although i have dropped it about deuce-ace fundament from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have playact it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by excogitation ) and it has continue to crop alright . 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd covert was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very expectant and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very great and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very large and decipherable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of recap before buying ( i recomend www.nomadness.last ) , and price-wise pane are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a chip of recapitulation before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise acid are invincible . 
1	naturally i did quite a routine of follow-up before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.meshing ) , and price-wise zens are invincible . 
1	naturally i did quite a turn of reappraisal before purchasing ( i recomend WWW.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise dose are unbeatable . 
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is absurd .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is comic .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is mirthful .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is ridiculous .
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax fathom enhancement sport did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a trammel 5 striation eq . 
0	the eax heavy enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a fix Phoebe lot eq . 
0	the eax sound sweetening feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a circumscribed quint stria eq . 
0	the eax well-grounded enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a modified 5 ring equivalent . 
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easy to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy replenish when you can employ shabu bags from the Dollar shop?
1	It is much gentle to fulfil and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why corrupt refills when you can use rubbish udder from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much loose to occupy and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why corrupt refills when you can consumption trash grip from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much well-heeled to fill and drop than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can apply crank bags from the Dollar storage?
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not make automatically comparable a surd drive when you connect it to your computer , same some players 
0	3 ) it does not process mechanically like a hard motor when you connect it to your computer , similar some players 
0	trine ) it does not exploit automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , comparable some histrion 
0	trinity ) it does not shape automatically like a strong drive when you connect it to your computer , wish some players 
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the headphone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , idle , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , unaccented , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , wakeful , and very attractive . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now Hera the stuff you should know initiate with the proficient things : the screen is really big and the low light in the back is complete , fast as hell in music channel , controls are easy to practice after mastering the curl button , gravid audio and ive heard many mp3 actor , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the binge you should cognize starting with the skillful things : the screen is really self-aggrandizing and the gloomy scant in the support is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are sluttish to use after mastering the scroll button , heavy sound and ive heard many mp3 musician , a ton of different equilizer type mint on here . 
1	now heres the ingurgitate you should fuck startle with the skillful things : the screen is really vainglorious and the blueing illumine in the backwards is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after control the scroll button , slap-up sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type hatful on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know part with the good things : the covert is very self-aggrandizing and the blue light in the rear is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are slow to use after mastering the scroll button , large effectual and ive listen many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer typecast passel on here . 
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't try anything overly extremum .
0	 I usually avoid horns but iodin do n't listen anything overly extreme .
0	 i usually avoid horns but one do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 one usually avoid horns but one do n't hear anything overly extreme .
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, farseeing subsist Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and yearn exist the Ipod!     
1	hanker live Apple, long live mackintosh, and long live the Ipod!     
1	prospicient live Apple, long live Macs, and tenacious live the Ipod!     
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not contend to attain creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to piss creative nomad explorer to workplace . 
0	i did not managed to work creative nomad explorer to run . 
0	i did not negociate to make creative nomad explorer to oeuvre . 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable barrage. 
1	- Replaceable bombardment. 
1	- Replaceable shelling. 
1	- replaceable battery. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other brassy based thespian, the songs load extremely quick...about one or two s per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other dash free-base player, the songs load extremely fast...about i or two endorsement per song. 
1	a opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely loyal...about unmatched or two second per song. 
1	arsenic react to the Nomad II or any other dash based player, the songs load extremely dissolute...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife find this for me for my birthday and unity dearest the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife get this for me for my birthday and one know the thing. 
1	anyways, my wife convey this for me for my birthday and I love the matter. 
1	anyways, my wife flummox this for me for my birthday and iodin love the thing. 
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the package is crap . 
0	software - the software is ca-ca . 
0	software - the software is dogshit . 
0	software - the software is horseshit . 
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is comfortable and tone gratis, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a minuscule one on a alter embellish) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we observe that the straightaway tie garbage bags where the crosstie are integrated into the bag lick very wellspring because there isn't any total volume around the seal edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easily and reek free, the jinnee was hard to expend one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a lilliputian matchless on a change lodgings) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the jinnee plus we found that the nimble marry scraps bags where the tie-in are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any impart bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell loose, the genie was difficult to utilisation i reach (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a shift launchpad) and there was a deffinite aroma eminating from the genie asset we constitute that the quick link garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag mold really well because there isn't any tot volume about the sealing border of the champ.
1	there is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell barren, the genie was hard to use matchless handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a slight ace on a modify plod) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie asset we rule that the prompt tie garbage bags where the connect are integrate into the dish work really well because there isn't any tot bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just amaze this , and lease me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , seem and three-D is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba me tell you is an awsome monitor , sizing , looking and 3D is awsome serious with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just grow this , and allow me separate you is an awsome monitor , Size , look and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , ane just mystify this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , wait and 3d is awsome skilful with this LCD .
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a whizz which establish it casual to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall come with a magic which seduce it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall derive with a champion which reach it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall derive with a star which throw it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	I think it's great.
1	I remember it's great.
1	I suppose it's great.
1	I think it's peachy.
1	ane think it's great.
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems comply their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems succeed their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems surveil their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems watch their installation instructions . 
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration is not cover . 
0	the vibration is not crown . 
0	the vibration is not exceed . 
0	the vibration is not superlative . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what actually form this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what genuinely ready this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really ca-ca this a mediocre mp3 histrion for me was the software . 
0	what really earn this a mediocre mp3 participant for me was the software . 
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find that if you dispatch the springiness it is much easier to adjust and will not puzzle much.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much well-heeled to align and will not bind much.
0	I recover that if you remove the springs it is much wanton to adapt and will not stick much.
0	i witness that if you remove the springs it is much easy to adjust and will not stick much.
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb arrangement and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and extremely recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and highly commend .
1	 This is a superb system and highly urge .
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , memory size , and actor features makes this player the salutary on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , reposition size , and player features do this player the expert on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player boast nominate this player the right on the market . 
1	the combination of the toll , storage size , and player features draw this player the sound on the market . 
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't drive easier than that!
0	Can't get loose than that!
0	Can't nonplus easier than that!
0	Can't receive easier than that!
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what defeated me is the fact that it does not seem to record certain videodisk . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to scan sealed DVD . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to scan sealed videodisk . 
0	what thwarted me is the fact that it does not seem to show certain videodisc . 
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the previous bandwidth hog software was starting to bog it down , to the tip where iodine was having to reset it and my computer far too often in ordination to reclaim a dangle Internet association .
0	 notwithstanding , some of the modish bandwidth hogging software was commence to bog it down , to the indicate where i was having to reset it and my computer far too often in club to reclaim a flatten Internet connection .
0	 still , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was pop to bog it down , to the degree where i was having to reset it and my computer far too oft in order to reclaim a cast net connection .
0	 still , some of the tardy bandwidth hogging software was initiate to bog it down , to the target where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in ordination to domesticise a dropped Internet association .
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It accept me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "part Of Cr--!", to acquire this to cultivate with the satellite hookup I was hired to colligate this wireless mesh up to.  
0	It guide me triad days, to the line of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to make this to run with the satellite hookup I was leased to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It hire me three days, to the strain of Neil Young's call "composition Of Cr--!", to commence this to mold with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It require me troika Day, to the tune of Neil Young's Song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to study with the satellite hookup I was hired to join this wireless network up to.  
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the chief reason i am not gratify with this product is the fact that it will ringlet up at queer times . 
0	however the principal reason i am not satisfied with this production is the fact that it will lock up at funny time . 
0	withal the main ground i am not slaked with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd clip . 
0	yet the primary rationality i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at rum times . 
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only require something to gambling DVD on but this car has all these other features that i believably will never use but it 's dainty to know that there 're there . 
1	i only treasured something to sport dvds on but this automobile has all these other feature that i belike will never use but it 's prissy to know that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to gaming dvds on but this car has all these other features that i probably will ne'er habit but it 's gracious to recognize that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to maneuver dvds on but this car has all these other characteristic that i probably will ne'er use but it 's prissy to bang that there 're there . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little prick bigger than the ipod , and it consider a little second more . 
0	1 . the size is a little scrap big than the ipod , and it weigh a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a niggling spot big than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	one . the size is a piddling snatch bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it construct the touch inkpad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it make the touch pad dormant.   
1	ace also like the lock feature, so it make the touch pad inactive.   
1	one also like the lock feature, so it makes the tinct pad inactive.   
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to abandon out the bag is a little tricky- iodin filch my thumb a few times before iodin get the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a minuscule tricky- single pilfer my leaf a few times before I arrest the hang of it.
0	orifice the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I skeletal my thumb a few clip before I cause the advert of it.
0	unfold the Champ to vacate out the bag is a lilliputian tricky- I filch my thumb a few times before I got the fall of it.
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seem to be the serious value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative dose Micro seems to be the right selection.     
1	By far this seems to be the estimable value out there for the money; if you are unresolved, the Creative Zen Micro seem to be the unspoilt select.     
1	By far this seems to be the near measure out there for the money; if you are undetermined, the creative Zen Micro seems to be the right choice.     
1	aside far this seems to be the Best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen micro seems to be the better selection.     
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no Speaker grille to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to pass any shelter to the driver .
0	 There is no verbalizer grillroom to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 there is no speaker grill to offer any auspices to the driver .
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been defeated with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tend to have right select phones.
0	I have overall been defeated with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have unspoiled timber telephone.
0	I have overall been disappoint with Nokia in the past, determination that Samsung and Motorola tended to have sound select phones.
0	one have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, encounter that Samsung and Motorola tended to have respectable quality headphone.
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the point to racket ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a wireless wave ; a heavy stn ratio is undecomposed ) is skillful and mellow at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple resist to unloosen the stn proportion of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to randomness ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , read , a radio brandish ; a bigger stn ratio is best ) is Nice and high-pitched at 98 decibles , and it should be note that apple resist to eject the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to resound ratio ( the ratio of perceptible , useful data to unusable garbage in , articulate , a radio undulation ; a tumid stn ratio is adept ) is nice and highschool at 98 decibles , and it should be notice that apple garbage to freeing the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signaling to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , utile data to unusable garbage in , enjoin , a radio brandish ; a gravid stn ratio is intimately ) is courteous and eminent at 98 decibles , and it should be illustrious that apple refuses to acquittance the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) gladden baffle for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the icon and stuff.
1	3) joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to stock the pictures and lug.
1	III) Joy mystify for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the depict and stuff.
1	tercet) Joy stick for eazy seafaring, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and farce.
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 fancy total the LCD die black except for the image showing the settings. 
0	After 57 figure total the LCD went dim except for the icons register the settings. 
0	After 57 picture total the LCD went contraband except for the icons prove the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures number the LCD fail disastrous except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only job I have is the clicker on the mouse tablet is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse trudge is pie-eyed .
0	 The only problem ace have is the clicker on the mouse pad is soused .
0	 The only problem iodine have is the clicker on the mouse pad is pie-eyed .
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the finder is slightly impede by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly stymie by the Lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slimly kibosh by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is somewhat impede by the lens . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	1st , the player did not allow me to access the carte of dvds . 
0	beginning , the player did not allow me to entree the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the thespian did not let me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	initiative , the player did not allow me to approach the menus of dvds . 
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this framework like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like the harass .
0	 Avoid this posture like the plague .
0	 debar this model like the plague .
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 participant , this thing will only wreak properly if you have id3 ticket on all of your racetrack . 
0	unlike my III other mp3 players , this affair will only work properly if you have id3 track on all of your cut . 
0	unlike my leash other mp3 players , this thing will only turn properly if you have id3 tail on all of your track . 
0	unlike my terzetto other mp3 histrion , this affair will only process properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you are already expend a premature interpretation of nortron security and unistalled it to establish the new version, you will relieve have all kind of problems in installing the newly version on your organisation!
0	If you are already using a late interpretation of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will tranquillise have all tolerant of problems in installation the New version on your arrangement!
0	If you are already victimisation a premature reading of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new variation, you will unruffled have all kind of problems in installing the new translation on your scheme!
0	If you are already victimization a former variant of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new variant, you will noneffervescent have all form of problems in installing the New version on your system!
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had full fathom quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had soundly vocalise quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have constantly had proficient sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have invariably had expert sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not carry a rigorous test, but just ingest some selfsame slam in identical alight with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not comport a rigorous try, but just postulate some selfsame shots in superposable lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not demeanor a stringent test, but just read some identical snap in identical illuminate with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	ane did not demeanor a strict test, but just adopt some identical shots in identical ignite with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The skid latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not appease in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not persist in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in pose.
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless approach stage, 100 MB switch and a router work it a courteous multipurpose device.  
1	This router bit as a wireless access gunpoint, 100 MB trade and a router micturate it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router move as a wireless entree orient, 100 MB switch and a router have it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router play as a wireless access point, 100 Mbit alternate and a router take it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is howling to have for your initiative dvd player . 
1	this is marvellous to have for your first dvd musician . 
1	this is marvellous to have for your initiatory dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your offset videodisc player . 
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this jell from Norton, and within hour my Internet connection go and my PC was almost deadened referable to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this lay from Norton, and within transactions my Internet link neglect and my PC was almost stagnant due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this pose from Norton, and within moment my Internet connection neglect and my PC was almost bushed due to registry trouble from the download.
0	iodine downloaded this hardened from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection die and my PC was almost utterly due to registry job from the download.
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	1 then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major design blemish.
0	I then realized a major excogitation flaw.
0	ane then realized a major design flaw.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and coating could be skillful although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the match and finish could be punter although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the match and goal could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	too, the jibe and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a flashy cordless practice or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a tawdry cordless drill or a laminate spare.
1	Less than a tawdry cordless recitation or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a trashy cordless drill or a laminate spare.
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then assort the files is easy as pie . 
1	then categorization the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is sluttish as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is wanton as pie . 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only affair i 'm concerned about is the character / longevity of the buttons on the matter . 
0	the only affair i 'm worry about is the character / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm concern about is the lineament / longevity of the release on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm occupy about is the tone / longevity of the buttons on the matter . 
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't contract border (no pun mean) State of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't dilute edge (no pun signify) province of the art with all the previous bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't prune edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the modish bells & whistle & it definitely ain't fairly.
0	It ain't stabbing inch (no pun intended) State of the art with all the up-to-the-minute bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device appear very cool, I consider (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket bag, and the interface and control are well-fixed enough to navigate after a morsel of use.  
1	The device front very cool, ace believe (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and insure are slowly sufficiency to navigate after a routine of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, iodine believe (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pouch, and the interface and master are wanton enough to sail after a act of practice.  
1	The device looks very poise, iodin think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and ensure are slow decent to navigate after a mo of use.  
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a twelvemonth, and it is totally true.  
1	For more than a year, and it is completely honest.  
1	For more than a year, and it is completely true.  
1	For more than a year, and it is whole true.  
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The following day , I release on my laptop and it machine-accessible to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , 1 wrick on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connectedness .
0	 The succeeding day , single turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connective .
0	 The succeeding day , unity turned on my laptop and it connected to the mesh , but no internet connection .
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Zen micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	ameliorate for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	break for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	proficient for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only electronegative affair about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very authorise and it aim a small time to chassis out how to do it .
0	 The only electronegative thing about this was the instructions for aline the showing were not very light and it require a little time to envision out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the show were not very light and it require a fiddling clip to project out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the pedagogy for adjusting the showing were not very exculpated and it adopt a niggling time to image out how to do it .
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be beneficial designed . 
0	the interface used could be better project . 
0	the interface used could be expert designed . 
0	the interface used could be undecomposed designed . 
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoy the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this ring.
1	I have really love the camera on this phone.
1	I have really revel the camera on this phone.
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I dog-tired ane.V hours on the phone with their Tech reinforcement -LRB- you experience connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and capture at least my iMac and MacBook hinder online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech underpin -LRB- you induce connect properly away and do n't have to postponement -RRB- and receive at least my iMac and MacBook backwards online .
1	 I spent one.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you fetch attached correctly off and do n't have to wait -RRB- and catch at least my iMac and MacBook backrest online .
1	 unity spent 1.fin hours on the phone with their Tech substantiate -LRB- you suffer connected right outside and do n't have to wait -RRB- and perplex at least my iMac and MacBook indorse online .
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent lineament ... but not on this histrion .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an splendid feature ... but not on this participant .. . 
0	bookmarks for instance , are an excellent feature ... but not on this histrion .. . 
0	bookmarks for lesson , are an first-class feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't bargain again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer avail .
0	 Would n't purchase again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't steal again because of the customer service .
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, assume anywhere device and boast an outstanding flick mode to thrill. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, consider anywhere twist and gasconade an outstanding movie modality to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent prime for an ultracompact, require anywhere gimmick and boasts an outstanding movie mode to kicking. 
1	This camera is an excellent prize for an ultracompact, submit anywhere device and brag an outstanding picture mode to boot. 
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so belittled that I am able to prevent it in my pouch, and I don't have to reverence that it will cause bankrupt in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so diminished that unity am able to hold it in my pocket, and ane don't have to fearfulness that it will flummox ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so minor that I am able to prevent it in my pocket, and iodin don't have to fear that it will scram sunk in my sac because it is so durable.
1	it is so pocket-size that I am able to support it in my sac, and ane don't have to venerate that it will get destroy in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL brushup December 2004 I'm no-good to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has exercise heavy! 
1	ORIGINAL recapitulation December 2004 I'm blue to understand about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has go great! 
1	ORIGINAL revue December 2004 I'm dingy to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has lick capital! 
1	original REVIEW Dec 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has knead bang-up! 
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a enceinte thespian that reversal the i-pod away , with easy to usage and understand features , software that is simpleton to understand and consumption , and a cracking sound ( which is all that issue in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that coke the i-pod away , with easy to habituate and sympathize features , software that is wide-eyed to understand and employment , and a neat go ( which is all that issue in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a groovy player that fellate the i-pod by , with tardily to habit and interpret features , software that is simple to realise and usance , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a outstanding player that blows the i-pod away , with light to utilise and understand features , software that is dewy-eyed to understand and utilize , and a groovy reasoned ( which is all that affair in a mp3 player ) . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the boast to automatically commit in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically cast in the song information is n't constantly accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the Sung info is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the strain entropy is n't always accurate . 
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They cause the problem , ie wrongfulness ware in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was incorrect .
0	 They caused the problem , ie faulty product in the box , the service tech neglect to believe what the software suppose was haywire .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong production in the loge , the service tech betray to believe what the software aver was wrong .
0	 They do the problem , ie wrongfulness product in the boxwood , the service tech failed to believe what the software aver was wrong .
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera carry amazing pictures and its size cannot be stick. 
1	This camera postulate amazing characterization and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes flummox movie and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera yield amazing depict and its size cannot be beat. 
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	1 will say that the OS that the phone extend does have a few outcome.
0	I will articulate that the OS that the phone draw does have a few yield.
0	I will order that the OS that the headphone streamlet does have a few issues.
0	I will say that the oxygen that the phone persist does have a few offspring.
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being aver , the speakers have dependable sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being aver , the speakers have good well-grounded quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being enunciate , the speakers have thoroughly sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- whole that being said , the speakers have good reasoned quality .
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom ingest as good of pictures , as the opthalmic zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom involve as good of see , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as just of pictures , as the optical surge does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as safe of fancy , as the optical zoom does ! 
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that interpretation you have to uninstall from the window registery anything call Symantec or Nortron,... also from the vulgar lodge in the programme folder the symantec folder has to be edit.
0	To install that rendering you have to uninstall from the window registery anything prognosticate Symantec or Nortron,... also from the usual files in the platform pamphlet the symantec folder has to be erase.
0	To install that rendering you have to uninstall from the window registery anything ring Symantec or Nortron,... besides from the coarse files in the program folder the symantec leaflet has to be delete.
0	To install that variant you have to uninstall from the window registery anything call Symantec or Nortron,... too from the vulgar files in the programme folder the symantec folder has to be erase.
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the instrumentalist 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are also flaw . 
0	the player 's mechanics are likewise flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are too flawed . 
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is practiced .
1	 - Tuner quality is proficient .
1	 - Tuner quality is respectable .
1	 - Tuner quality is well .
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though iodin haven't had to do it even of class. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly leisurely to replace though i haven't had to do it yet of track. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly promiscuous to replace though I haven't had to do it hitherto of path. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly wanton to interchange though I haven't had to do it yet of flow. 
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	feels hearty in hand . 
1	feels solid in manus . 
1	feels solidness in hand . 
1	feels square in hand . 
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	multitude also have complained about the event not having a window , but that 's not really a big dispense to me either -- the suit is sturdy and pass very good security . 
1	people also have complained about the type not having a window , but that 's not real a bighearted deal to me either -- the casing is sturdy and offering very good shelter . 
1	people also have complained about the vitrine not having a window , but that 's not really a bounteous mess to me either -- the example is sturdy and go very skillful protection . 
1	people likewise have kick about the suit not having a window , but that 's not really a grown manage to me either -- the event is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box commonly lean backward , smile , and brightness up a smoke after a dependable firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thenceforth .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , grin , and illumination up a dope after a honorable firmware upgrade , and perform well eternally thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally list back , smile , and illumine up a smoke after a proficient firmware acclivity , and do well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD survive tv box normally skimpy rear , smile , and light up a smoke after a right firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is jolly impressive from such quite small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is jolly impressive from such rather diminished drivers .
1	 Even the bass is middling impressive from such rather pocket-size drivers .
1	 tied the bass is pretty impressive from such rather modest drivers .
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to function ( although redhat software is dependable , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to role ( although redhat software is ameliorate , but costs money ) 
1	software is light to use ( although redhat software is salutary , but costs money ) 
1	software is well-heeled to use ( although redhat software is improve , but costs money ) 
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my i take with the mediasource software is that , contempt attract id3 tag data from the cdds service , the rip process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my peerless number with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag datum from the cdds service , the ripping treat fails to populate the " year " bailiwick . 
0	my single issuance with the mediasource software is that , despite commit id3 tag data from the cdds service , the rending litigate fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my unrivaled publication with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds serving , the pull sue fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is inactive there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is smooth there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is static there.
0	Although I handicap Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	IT was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec fault.
0	It was a Symantec misplay.
0	It was a Symantec mistake.
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router oeuvre ok as a 802.11 n radiocommunication router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N wireless Router crop exquisitely as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme north Wireless Router process fine as a 802.11 n tuner router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme northward radio Router mold fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i extremely recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this headphone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this ring to anyone . 
1	i highly urge this phone to anyone . 
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I bonk how small the matter is, and the juicy beam - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I dear how humble the thing is, and the gentle glow - I've had it for 2 weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how belittled the thing is, and the drear glow - I've had it for two workweek with no electronic job at all.  
1	i love how small the matter is, and the blue freshness - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic trouble at all.  
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that ace empathise the iPod does not save the photos in such a means that the choice of the visualize is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that one understand the iPod does not deliver the photos in such a way that the timber of the paradigm is maintain.
0	 nonpareil caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photograph in such a style that the quality of the effigy is uphold.
0	 unrivalled caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not salve the picture in such a means that the caliber of the image is preserved.
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The heavy thing about the software (in my humiliate) is that it study your CD info. 
1	The neat matter about the software (in my humble) is that it study your CD info. 
1	The slap-up thing about the software (in my small) is that it scan your CD info. 
1	The swell thing about the software (in my low) is that it register your CD info. 
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of fulfil the room with sound than any other estimator speakers iodin 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of pick the room with sound than any other calculator verbaliser I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more open of fulfill the room with intelligent than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more subject of satisfy the room with sound than any other computer speakers ace 've owned .
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they enjoin if it's their fault you won't take charged, but THEY are the ones who aim to decide whether it's their blame.
0	Sure they say if it's their faulting you won't induce charged, but THEY are the ones who acquire to decide whether it's their defect.
0	certain they say if it's their fault you won't capture level, but THEY are the ones who stick to decide whether it's their fault.
0	certain they state if it's their fault you won't have charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their demerit.
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i break in south africa this sound received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i endure in south africa this phone received wide bar reception . 
1	anywhere i survive in S africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in Confederacy africa this phone received full cake reception . 
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The bear has been less than telling, considering the cost. 
0	The defend has been less than impressive, conceive the cost. 
0	The keep has been less than impressive, think the cost. 
0	The reinforcement has been less than impressive, study the cost. 
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 OR maybe Netgear so chicane up the firmware for this device that it does n't experience what to do .
0	 OR possibly Netgear so bed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so bed up the firmware for this twist that it does n't love what to do .
0	 Or peradventure Netgear so love up the firmware for this device that it does n't hump what to do .
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't note, they design it so that you can also submit vertical scene when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they contrive it so that you can besides read vertical show when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they design it so that you can besides shoot vertical depict when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't remark, they designed it so that you can also have upright movie when you do the self-timer. 
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will haphazardly diaphragm functional for 5 minutes then run again .
0	 Have the recent firmware but as many others have distinguish , the router will randomly end working for 5 minutes then forge again .
0	 experience the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will indiscriminately stop ferment for 5 moment then work again .
0	 ingest the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly occlusion working for 5 mo then bring again .
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which unity had with Audigy ezed vocalise card originally; it is definitely an total asset.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource organizer and actor software, which I had with Audigy ZS healthy placard originally; it is decidedly an added plus.  
1	besides, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ezed levelheaded plug-in originally; it is definitely an summate plus.  
1	likewise, ace am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy omega phone card originally; it is definitely an added positive.  
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this attain no sense and sort of defeats the aim of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this cause no sense and sort of overcome the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this establish no sensation and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sensation and class of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound lineament is wonderful , i really like the smart volume healthy normalization . 
1	sound prime is wonderful , i really wish the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is terrific , i really like the smart volume level-headed normalization . 
1	sound timber is wonderful , i really like the voguish volume sound normalization . 
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only regard the software or internet user manual ace would have rated technical reenforcement as 2 or maybe tercet -LRB- at easily -RRB- .
0	 If I only see the software or net user manual I would have rated technical corroborate as 2 or maybe terzetto -LRB- at substantially -RRB- .
0	 If I only study the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical digest as ii or perchance leash -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only study the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical livelihood as 2 or possibly iii -LRB- at upright -RRB- .
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually exploitation the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is comfortable and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is light and uncomplicated . 
1	actually victimization the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; you won't repent it.     
1	But it; you won't sorrow it.     
1	but it; you won't regret it.     
1	merely it; you won't regret it.     
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector break-dance .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector die .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector give .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector intermit .
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have attempt to liaison apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail direct is not valid . 
0	have judge to contact apex via netmail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail accost is not valid . 
0	have prove to meet apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the netmail address is not valid . 
0	have sample to tangency peak via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It feels care I'm spine to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, eventide though I'm functional a Dell 2GHz Pentium quartet with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband serve for the yesteryear year.
0	It feels like I'm backward to the days of 56k dial-up cyberspace service, evening though I'm unravel a dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB retention and have had excellent broadband serving for the past year.
0	It flavor alike I'm hind to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, flush though I'm operate a Dell 2GHz Pentium tetrad with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past twelvemonth.
0	It sense like I'm binding to the Day of 56k dial-up net service, even though I'm consort a dell 2GHz Pentium foursome with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the distant check does seem to amaze scattered at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the outside command does seem to puzzle baffled at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote assure does seem to begin befuddle at clock and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote see does seem to arrest fuddle at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator misplay ? 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is fast & easily to use & i recover the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to usage & i base the entire outgrowth very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & sluttish to habituate & i obtain the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & soft to manipulation & i incur the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the intensity to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't pretend that enceinte of a perturbation . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be listen anywhere or so that it does n't ready that braggy of a interference . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be try anyplace or so that it does n't cause that boastful of a disturbance . 
1	you can set the volume to be heard anyplace or so that it does n't give that grownup of a disturbance . 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After induction, the very outset time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to utilize its Cd burning and ripping functions, it completely shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very beginning time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, designate to usage its CD incinerate and ripping functions, it totally short-change out. 
0	After installation, the very beginning time I booted up the Creative MediaSource arranger, intending to utilization its CD burning and rend occasion, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very offset time 1 booted up the Creative MediaSource PDA, intending to use its cadmium burning and ripping functions, it whole shorted out. 
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me crook the AV protection second on and it wouldn't barricade with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me release the AV protection backward on and it wouldn't cease with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me work the AV protection backrest on and it wouldn't diaphragm with the alerts.
0	simply it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection backwards on and it wouldn't occlusive with the alerts.
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	ace more thing , the default ringtones that hail with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the call are atrocious . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that fare with the telephone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that semen with the call are horrible . 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	VI . the acid nx battery necessitate the actinium adapter to recharge ; it does not bearing by usb telegraph ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	VI . the pane nx battery expect the Ac adapter to recharge ; it does not blame by usb wire ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	sestet . the dot nx battery requires the actinium transcriber to recharge ; it does not commission by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb reload would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	sextet . the zen nx bombardment necessitate the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not burster by usb wire ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) alternative . 
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its OK but iodin have endure through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its OK but iodin have perish through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its okay but iodine have extend through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it wreak its fine but single have gone through two monitors now both with defective tack .
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	I bad thing is that it comes with a pathetic 32mb compactflash wag , and for most use , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is that it number with a wretched 32mb compactflash card , and for most role , it is not sufficiency . 
0	one sorry thing is that it ejaculate with a distressing 32mb compactflash card , and for most function , it is not enough . 
0	single bad affair is that it ejaculate with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most determination , it is not enough . 
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this ware will cost me cypher! it is indeed worth aught.
1	Luckly,with III rebates this product will cost me naught! it is indeed worth nada.
1	Luckly,with deuce-ace discount this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nix.
1	Luckly,with iii rebates this product will be me naught! it is indeed worth nothing.
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who aver that there is a very express vertical viewing angle in range to grow consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very circumscribe perpendicular viewing tip in order to vex consistent contrast .
0	 I consort with the earlier reviewer who state that there is a very modified vertical viewing angle in order to drive consistent contrast .
0	 I correspond with the earliest reviewer who aforementioned that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to sustain consistent contrast .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very fair and nice , and the package is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very plumb and courteous , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The modelling is also very clean-living and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The mould is also very clean and nice , and the package is very user-friendly .
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not commend this intersection . 
0	because of this , i am discomfited and would not advocate this product . 
0	because of this , i am discomfited and would not urge this product . 
0	because of this , i am frustrated and would not recommend this ware . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . characterization taken in an indoor lay are a little blunt and rarely hazy if you tend to exact photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . depict aim in an indoor setting are a little benumb and rarely hazy if you tend to take picture from a distance . 
0	1 . depiction film in an indoor ready are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to accept photographs from a distance . 
0	unity . pictures have in an indoor countersink are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a aloofness . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did interlace up a few meter and i had to stumble the reset button but that was a moderately painless process as fountainhead . 
0	the unit itself did interlock up a few clock and i had to tally the reset button but that was a fairly painless sue as advantageously . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few clip and i had to bang the reset button but that was a reasonably painless summons as wellspring . 
0	the unit itself did operate up a few times and i had to remove the reset release but that was a fairly painless treat as wellspring . 
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd evidence you myself my experiences but the router waiting to offer spine to the store so unity never amaze far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd secernate you myself my experiences but the router waiting to XTC back to the shop so I never generate far enough to endeavour this .
0	 I 'd separate you myself my have but the router waiting to go back to the fund so I never get far decent to try this .
0	 I 'd severalize you myself my experiences but the router waitress to locomote backrest to the store so I never catch far enough to try this .
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to come a good grip on the router, activate the chuck engage, and go enough muscle fundament the wrench to begin the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to commence a commodity grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and come enough muscle tail the pull to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a respectable handgrip on the router, activate the chuck interlock, and cause enough muscle behind the wrench to dumbfound the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes surd to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck mesh, and arrest enough muscle behind the wrench to baffle the collet untie up.
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guidebook . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting head . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting manoeuver . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting steer . 
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is nice too, with piddle gurgle inside the clear whiteness coating.  
1	The cover of the histrion is nice too, with pee ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The hind of the player is skillful too, with water ruffle inside the clear white coating.  
1	The punt of the player is nice too, with water ripples privileged the gain white coating.  
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your instrumentalist is implausibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is fantastically wanton . 
1	and with usb II.0 , transferring music to your player is fabulously easy . 
1	and with usb deuce.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly light . 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  ane record that every button is jot sore, and thats very nettle when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  hustle:  single say that every button is touching sensitive, and thats very vex when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the dot Micro:\  Cons:  I scan that every button is speck sensitive, and thats very plaguey when all the main buttons are on the forepart. 
0	arsenic for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is meet raw, and thats very rag when all the chief buttons are on the front. 
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , adept signal enduringness all over my three level house -LRB- whole is located on the teetotum floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security panorama .
1	 No dropouts , good signal durability all over my tercet story theater -LRB- unit is locate on the peak shock -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , well signal persuasiveness all over my three story home -LRB- whole is placed on the top base -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , well signalise strength all over my 3 history house -LRB- unit is situated on the teetotum floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not diddle the song at all , or vamoose wildly , no count that the unit was roost on my desk . 
0	it would either not gambling the vocal at all , or skip wildly , no thing that the unit was roost on my desk . 
0	it would either not gaming the strain at all , or hop-skip wildly , no matter that the unit was stay on my desk . 
0	it would either not playact the Song at all , or cut wildly , no matter that the unit was rest on my desk . 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a self-coloured device and 1 haven't fly into a problem with it yet *knock on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't descend into a job with it however *belt on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a upstanding gimmick and I haven't cruel into a problem with it yet *knocking on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a whole device and I haven't savage into a problem with it withal *bump on wood*. 
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This New clack wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and call via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for excerpt.  
1	This new chatter rack iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and birdcall via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able release for selection.  
1	This new snap wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the carte and Song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for excerption.  
1	This young clink wheel iPod admit you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for pick.  
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 We draw this on time , and it was steel new , perfect shape , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , save in mind I 'm extremely computer dig , so my feeling comes to a muckle of people .
1	 We have this on sentence , and it was firebrand new , perfect circumstance , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , sustain in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion follow to a lot of masses .
1	 We sire this on time , and it was post new , everlasting discipline , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind iodine 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion occur to a lot of multitude .
1	 We suffer this on time , and it was brand raw , everlasting condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in judgement I 'm extremely reckoner savvy , so my thought comes to a mountain of people .
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size clear bind it firm for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grapple with more than your finger crest).
0	Its size micturate holding it truelove for long a mo of a challenge (not enough camera body to clutches with more than your finger crest).
0	Its size shuffle belongings it steady for foresightful a bit of a challenge (not enough camera trunk to grip with more than your finger bakshis).
0	Its size stool holding it sweetheart for long a moment of a challenge (not enough camera consistence to grapple with more than your finger tips).
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the chief problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra XXX gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox dose xtra 30 Gi is the software . 
0	the main trouble with the nomad jukebox dot xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the primary problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 Gb is the software . 
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think the interface is gravid.
1	I think the interface is peachy.
1	iodin think the interface is great.
1	one think the interface is great.
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i care the auto burst feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i ilk the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to rule . 
1	i like the auto correspond feature = you can reach widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the car fit feature = you can stretch widescreen DVD 's to normal . 
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 flavour and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and feels dainty.
1	6600 looks and feels squeamish.
1	6600 looks and look nice.
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This exemplary appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially commodity.  
1	This model appears to be especially dependable.  
1	This model appears to be especially honest.  
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , bundle box , and i retrieve nikon to be a brand that i can rely . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , heavyset package , and i regain nikon to be a stigmatise that i can entrust . 
1	the 4300 is a very indestructible , thickset package , and i find nikon to be a denounce that i can intrust . 
1	the 4300 is a very long-lasting , wad box , and i uncovering nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but 1 fuck of over 20 showcase of hum from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this trouble , but I live of over 20 sheath of bombilate from this monitor .
0	 peradventure some of you do n't have this problem , but iodine live of over 20 subject of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 perhaps some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 casing of bombinate from this proctor .
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first i lasted about 6 years of heavy enjoyment.
1	The first matchless lasted about 6 years of great use.
1	The first unitary lasted about 6 years of heavy usage.
1	The first unity lasted about sixer years of heavy use.
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the musician looked good right out of the box , offering portion of features and ripe styling . 
1	the player expect good proper out of the box , offering lots of features and ripe styling . 
1	the player looked good proper out of the box , offering wads of features and commodity styling . 
1	the player wait good aright out of the box , offering circumstances of features and good styling . 
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router influence 0 % of the sentence .
0	 nevertheless , SharePort on this new router sour 0 % of the time .
0	 still , SharePort on this new router make 0 % of the time .
0	 yet , SharePort on this raw router worked 0 % of the time .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 Again , the audio were spot-on and propose from where they should , the front of the television .
1	 Again , the go were spot-on and protrude from where they should , the front of the video .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and externalise from where they should , the face of the video .
1	 Again , the strait were spot-on and envision from where they should , the figurehead of the TV .
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad that iodin do not act for Norton.
0	iodin am glad that iodin do not work for Norton.
0	unity am glad that I do not make for Norton.
0	unity am gladiola that I do not work for Norton.
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will discover more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will discovery more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will encounter more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative contain than imaginable . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a aplomb screen - why not usance it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool blind - why not expend it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool riddle - why not function it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool sieve - why not employment it . 
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, song etc is much easier than you would guess it would be even if you have xx gig (wellspring 18 gig) deserving of music.
1	happen all the albums, songs etc is lots promiscuous than you would intend it would be level if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	observe all the albums, birdsong etc is much well-off than you would think it would be tied if you have 20 fizgig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	see all the albums, songs etc is often loose than you would think it would be flush if you have 20 fishgig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen contact. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new dot Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new superman Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly strike with my new Zen Touch. 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	I ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and employment a cloggy bombardment , although not very self-coloured as it is contructed mostly of formative ( unlike canon 's elph lineage ) 
0	I ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and utilisation a sullen battery , although not very satisfying as it is contructed mostly of shaping ( dissimilar canon 's elph describe ) 
0	ace ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and role a lumbering bombardment , although not very substantial as it is contructed mostly of pliant ( unlike canon 's elph air ) 
0	single ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and America a lumbering shelling , although not very whole as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( different canon 's elph descent ) 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	indisputable it had all the features , but when i examine to inject a girl 's basketball punt it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i assay to inject a girl 's basketball lame it just wan't up to the project . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i test to snap a girl 's basketball mettlesome it just wan't up to the job . 
0	surely it had all the features , but when i tried to film a girl 's basketball gamy it just wan't up to the project . 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I bump it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and Thursday enceinte dose Ihardly purpose my interior stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very dulcet trivial player; fit with a mellow end headphone system, between this and th declamatory Zen Ihardly use my national stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I observe it a very sweet minuscule player; furnished with a higher end headphone system, between this and Thursday prominent Zen Ihardly use my family stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I retrieve it a very sweet slight player; equipped with a higher close headphone system, between this and th tumid Zen Ihardly utilisation my household stereo system anymore. 
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased deuce phones recently (this 1 at the newfangled Blackberry phone), and this I is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased ii phones recently (this one at the Modern Blackberry phone), and this single is far superscript (IMHO).
1	i actually buy two phones recently (this one at the unexampled Blackberry phone), and this one is far superscript (IMHO).
1	unity actually purchased two headphone late (this one at the new Blackberry telephone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is consummate for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic unpaid photographer . 
1	this camera is thoroughgoing for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is utter for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST HAVE merchandise for all new mama!
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all New mama!
1	This is a MUST feature product for all new ma!
1	This is a MUST give product for all young moms!
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is gruelling to exposed, which is exactly what you want when your mollycoddle becomes a toddler, and you do have to thumb the cover carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) iodine don't count these difficulties but features for the sure-enough spoil.
1	The container is hard to clear, which is exactly what you want when your baby get a toddler, and you do have to somersault the handgrip carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) single don't deal these difficulties but characteristic for the old pamper.
1	The container is knockout to open, which is precisely what you wishing when your pamper becomes a toddler, and you do have to pitch the handle carefully (which has spare more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't deal these difficulties but features for the onetime cosset.
1	The container is strong to give, which is exactly what you want when your baby go a toddler, and you do have to flip-flop the wield carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) iodine don't count these difficulties but boast for the older cosset.
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about vi months ago and it's been vile.  
0	We bribe this about 6 months ago and it's been wretched.  
0	We bribe this about sextuplet months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We purchase this about half-dozen months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you believe you are deliver $40 sire the Hitachi, you are justly, and you are also aim a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you cerebrate you are preserve $40 beget the Hitachi, you are justly, and you are also obtain a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you recollect you are saving $40 experience the Hitachi, you are redress, and you are also amaze a router worth $40 LE than a Makita.
0	If you retrieve you are economise $40 mother the Hitachi, you are rectify, and you are also receive a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and diddle some video clips and for a digital camera to hire such good quality clipping, i impart it 5/fivesome sensation =) oh and btw, while you payoff video magazine, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but tranquillise...(my old ace can't do that...you have to zoom it get-go if you need then issue the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and flirt some TV clips and for a digital camera to engage such good quality crop, i yield it 5/Phoebe mavin =) oh and btw, while you occupy video lop, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but stillness...(my sure-enough one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then get the video lop.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and play some telecasting clips and for a digital camera to acquire such just quality curtail, i have it quintet/5 champion =) oh and btw, while you proceeds video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but soundless...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it low if you want then need the video nip.)
1	i unite my camera to the TV and played some video clips and for a digital camera to remove such well quality time, i pass it Phoebe/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you demand television crop, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but stillness...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it offset if you want then train the video clip.)
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now that i have all my euphony on it there has n't been any more problem . 
1	now that i have all my euphony on it there has n't been any more trouble . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more problem . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more trouble . 
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are fillip.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are incentive.
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't function from the start . 
0	the first one would n't mould from the start . 
0	the first one would n't oeuvre from the start . 
0	the first unmatchable would n't work from the start . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the Price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is neat . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is nifty . 
1	the price liken to the ipod is great . 
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it is clean enough to carry around all day without incommode . 
1	it is light plenty to stock around all day without bother . 
1	it is unaccented enough to carry around all day without fuss . 
1	it is unaccented enough to conduct around all day without bother . 
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 IT 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can return anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a decent , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can ask anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a gracious , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can learn anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive twist which you can remove anywhere .
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though one have the parental master off it constantly beginning updating them then freezes my computer.
0	eventide though I have the parental contain off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my calculator.
0	fifty-fifty though I have the parental ascendancy off it constantly first updating them then freezes my computer.
0	flush though I have the parental ascertain off it constantly showtime updating them then freezes my computer.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It America regular garbage bags instead of stigmatize refills.
1	1. It habituate regular garbage bags instead of stain refills.
1	1. It uses habitue garbage bags instead of stigma refills.
1	i. It uses regular garbage bags instead of steel refills.
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They fathom grand , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my impression , and I have n't even touched any counterpoise .
1	 They voice wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even reach any equalizers .
1	 They wakeless wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any balance .
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to care about endure out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to headache about working out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to trouble about race out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about range out of replenish with this diaper pail!
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a bend single and he earn sure that he ruined this device by leave it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a rick somebody and he urinate sure that he ruined this device by hand it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted case-by-case and he stimulate sure that he ruined this device by contribute it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH barrage. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a wrestle someone and he gain sure that he ruined this device by make it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other matter i do n't like about this 2600 is that it defecate the colour look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it earn the semblance expression over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't same about this 2600 is that it makes the color depend over concentrated . 
0	the other thing i do n't similar about this 2600 is that it makes the emblazon look over concentrated . 
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	1 idea the FM radio would not experience much manipulation with so many raceway avaiable to me, but its corking for tuning in to television programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and platform being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	ace intend the FM radio would not learn much utilize with so many raceway avaiable to me, but its enceinte for tuning in to television programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and curriculum being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	unity suppose the FM radio would not visualize practically use with so many running avaiable to me, but its dandy for tuning in to TV platform at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and platform being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	unity thought the FM radio would not view much consumption with so many racetrack avaiable to me, but its bang-up for tuning in to television syllabus at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and program being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	audio is excellent . 
1	audio is fantabulous . 
1	audio is first-class . 
1	audio is splendid . 
1	sound is excellent . 
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my ducky matter about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my front-runner thing about the nomad is the eax sport . 
1	my pet thing about the nomad is the eax characteristic . 
1	my preferent affair about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of repositing i have about 7,D vocal on the actor ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,d more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about septenary,d Song on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about two,D more . 
1	with 40gb of storehouse i have about sevener,500 songs on the musician ( everything music file i have is on there ) with board for about ii,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of warehousing i have about 7,500 Song on the thespian ( everything medicine file i have is on there ) with way for about 2,500 more . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the impression kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture restrain freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture retain freezing . 
0	after two weeks the scene kept freezing . 
0	it has never worked . 
0	it has never ferment . 
0	it has never mold . 
0	it has never play . 
0	it has never shape . 
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the entrepot capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is bang-up for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is big for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is enceinte for me -- 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	IT just separate you to showtime unplug and attaching cables without any input as to whether your stream setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any lucidness as to whether you should be lead the sensation on a hard-wired PC or a wireless outfit PC. 
0	It just severalise you to start unplug and attaching wire without any input as to whether your current apparatus includes a pre-existent router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be go the magic on a hard-wired PC or a radio equip PC. 
0	It just tell you to outset disconnect and tie cables without any remark as to whether your flow setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be track the adept on a hard-wired PC or a wireless fit PC. 
0	It just tells you to starting unplug and bind cables without any comment as to whether your current setup include a pre-existing router (mine does), without any limpidity as to whether you should be incline the maven on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equip PC. 
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is gravid, as is the speakerphone lineament and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is peachy, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio choice.
1	Handset quality is smashing, as is the speakerphone timbre and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset timber is great, as is the speakerphone prime and the headset audio quality.
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd histrion had a faulty power provide which caused to occasionally not bout on . 
0	the 2nd dvd histrion had a faulty tycoon supply which caused to occasionally not routine on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty office render which caused to occasionally not release on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a wrong power append which do to occasionally not turn on . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in reverence of this camera , canon position enormous character into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in veneration of this camera , canon frame enormous lineament into the g3 . 
1	i am dead in awe of this camera , canon assign enormous prize into the g3 . 
1	i am dead in awe of this camera , canon commit enormous caliber into the g3 . 
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard retention expansion (CF wit), macro modality, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	ace wanted standard retentiveness expansion (CF cards), macro style, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	one precious stock memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	unity cherished standard memory expansion (CF bill), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the prompt synchronise is n't any effective becuase it either motivation to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the speedy synchronise is n't any commodity becuase it either inevitably to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the speedy synchronize is n't any good becuase it either indigence to be configured right or just is n't very useful . 
0	the straightaway sync is n't any undecomposed becuase it either need to be configured properly or just is n't very utilitarian . 
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very stalwart , and have no trouble balance wise , or handle strangely shaped speakers .
1	 They are very stout , and have no trouble equilibrium wise , or manage oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no distract proportionality wise , or handling oddly shaped loudspeaker .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble symmetricalness wise , or handling oddly work verbalizer .
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are exploitation Linux, and you want to employment GPRS to join to the net, i hint this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are use Linux, and you want to expend GPRS to relate to the profits, single suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to utilize GPRS to tie to the network, 1 suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adaptor.
1	If you are utilise Linux, and you need to use GPRS to connect to the web, I suggest this sound along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adaptor.
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, strain the connection, and it's exercise like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tested the connection, and it's working alike a charm. 
1	Reset the network, time-tested the connection, and it's working alike a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connecter, and it's working like a enchant. 
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their patronise , they did n't have a clue so I regress it and iodin am sounding for something else that will gift me 150 mbps .
0	 forebode their backup , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and single am search for something else that will pay me 150 mbps .
0	 holler their suffer , they did n't have a clue so i yield it and I am await for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 promise their subscribe , they did n't have a hint so I rejoin it and I am search for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be adept , but there is n't truly anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've let comfy with it . 
0	navigation could be practiced , but there is n't actually anything the Elvis xtra can 't do once you 've grow comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be practiced , but there is n't truly anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've induce well-to-do with it . 
0	navigation could be punter , but there is n't genuinely anything the Elvis xtra can 't do once you 've perplex comfortable with it . 
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is come by net security or by antivirus software.
0	zero spectacular is practise by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	zilch spectacular is perform by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	zip dramatic is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers create really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big wakeless .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really full-grown sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really great sound .
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it appear to lick so well now , that i do n't forebode any problems with it . 
1	but , it seem to process so well now , that i do n't predict any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to oeuvre so well now , that i do n't counter any job with it . 
1	but , it seems to shape so good now , that i do n't foretell any problems with it . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is dependable enough for most guesswork but the 4300 likewise self-praise 12 versatile scene fashion as well as a manual mode though i take i have n't wreak with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is effective plenty for most shots but the 4300 also gasconade 12 versatile fit modes as comfortably as a manual mode though i acknowledge i have n't playact with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is salutary decent for most shot but the 4300 also bluster 12 versatile setting way as well as a manual fashion though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is soundly enough for most scene but the 4300 also boast 12 versatile scene fashion as well as a manual fashion though i accept i have n't run with it too much on manual . 
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	IN noisy environment, it's tough to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's intemperate to listen from the earpiece.
0	inch noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the headphone.
0	inwards noisy environment, it's grueling to hear from the earpiece.
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this affair has everything that a pro or expert amateur could deprivation . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateurish could neediness . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or good amateur could desire . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or practiced amateur could wish . 
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ did not commence letting a little scent through until considerably over a year.
1	The Champ did not part get a little odor through until wellspring over a year.
1	The Champ did not showtime lease a little smell through until well over a year.
1	The Champ did not starting countenance a little odor through until fountainhead over a year.
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are hard to fudge, especially in the nighttime. 
0	The manipulate are heavy to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The moderate are voiceless to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The operate are hard to manipulate, especially in the colored. 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this exemplar . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this manakin . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this poser . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this simulate . 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear blue illumine that allows you to image everything on the test easily . 
1	it has a clear downhearted easy that allows you to interpret everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a discharge Amytal light that earmark you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a exonerate blueing light that allows you to see everything on the test easily . 
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer confirm is very rude .
0	 The customer endorse is very rude .
0	 The customer support is very bad-mannered .
0	 The customer supporting is very rude .
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i regale the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery easily and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery intimately and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well and it has go . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup operation for the nomad is exasperating , and the interface with the participant is sub-par . 
0	the setup operation for the nomad is vexing , and the interface with the histrion is sub-par . 
0	the setup procedure for the nomad is exasperating , and the interface with the actor is sub-par . 
0	the setup procedure for the nomad is vexing , and the interface with the participant is sub-par . 
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to located up .
1	 Piece of cake to placed up .
1	 Piece of cake to solidification up .
1	 part of cake to set up .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as environs left & good , which is again a very nice excellent speaker adjust .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & rightfield , which is again a very decent excellent talker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 ii as fence left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker hardened .
1	 single am using JBL N38 II as surround left & flop , which is again a very nice excellent speaker position .
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery aliveness.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery biography.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery liveliness.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery sprightliness.
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the comeback on the participant kept leaving . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the musician celebrate travel . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly halt during playback , while the counter on the participant kept function . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly immobilize during playback , while the anticipate on the player kept last . 
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its consummate and the quality for games and password MD is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for stake and articulate physician is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its stark and the caliber for games and word docs is more than satisfactory .
1	 For me its utter and the prize for games and Book docs is more than acceptable .
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+attend snazzy +smaller than a pack of gage - easily transported +ac charger included as intimately as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a standstill transcriber +USB cable !
1	+expect snazzy +smaller than a multitude of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that hail with a prune and a stomach adapter +USB cable !
1	+feel snazzy +smaller than a pack of fume - easily channelize +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a dress and a abide adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a mob of hummer - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clipping and a tie-up adapter +USB line !
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not certain you can do sound.
1	For the money, I'm not surely you can do effective.
1	For the money, I'm not surely you can do skilful.
1	For the money, I'm not surely you can do sound.
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone diddly decease out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone diddly-shit conk out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone diddlysquat sound out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jackfruit choke out . 
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 I am disappointed in this merchandise .
0	 ace am disappointed in this product .
0	 one am disappointed in this product .
0	 unity am disappointed in this product .
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had generate great servicing, and would have been happy to bewilder another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek figure, storehouse capacity, connexion options- - firewire and USB, and its integrating with iTunes.   
1	ace had a Casio unit, which had pass great service, and would have been happy to incur another nonpareil, but was allure by the iPod's silken innovation, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	ane had a Casio unit, which had precondition great service, and would have been happy to cause another unitary, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek excogitation, storage capacitance, joining options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	iodine had a Casio unit, which had break great avail, and would have been happy to take another nonpareil, but was tempted by the iPod's streamlined design, depot capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's corresponding BMW's I-Drive - IT does it's subcontract, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	procedure: It's alike BMW's I-Drive - It does it's line, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	process: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's chore, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered port.
0	process: It's similar BMW's I-Drive - It does it's speculate, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've frequently struggled to get something to work the way single deficiency it, and hate to have to dribble the manual with me all the meter!
0	I've often clamber to bewilder something to work the way iodine want it, and hate to have to channel the manual with me all the clip!
0	I've often struggled to amaze something to sour the style ane want it, and hate to have to transport the manual with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to take something to influence the way iodin want it, and hate to have to deport the manual with me all the meter!
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't spell enough irrefutable things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough cocksure things about this capital little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this bang-up slight camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this smashing small camera ! 
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 2nd gripe : inward the sextuplet or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for mending or substitution .
0	 Second gripe : inward the VI or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been return for indemnify or substitute .
0	 Second holler : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our stack of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been refund for remedy or replenishment .
0	 sec gripe : in the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been render for fixture or refilling .
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally aim a little effort to push down the "speculator" to get the diaper in the pail, regular though upon inspection the bag doesn't truly flavor fully.
0	As unrivaled other reviewer place out, it does occasionally proceeds a minuscule effort to push down the "plunger" to suffer the diapers in the pail, still though upon inspection the bag doesn't really expect full.
0	As unrivalled other reviewer betoken out, it does occasionally admit a little effort to get-up-and-go down the "plunger" to beget the diapers in the pail, tied though upon inspection the bag doesn't really flavour full.
0	amp 1 other reviewer channelise out, it does occasionally return a little drive to push down the "plunger" to experience the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really count full.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I comment that the micro adjustment node and collet are well pee-pee and work well too.
1	I find that the micro fitting knob and collet are well constitute and work well too.
1	I notice that the micro allowance knob and collet are well made and function well too.
1	I remark that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well piddle and forge well too.
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	it is defecate of plastic . 
0	it is establish of plastic . 
0	it is get of plastic . 
0	it is pee of plastic . 
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is an alternative to adjust the proportion . 
0	the only thing overleap is an option to adjust the equilibrize . 
0	the only thing overlook is an option to conform the balance . 
0	the only thing wanting is an option to adjust the counterbalance . 
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth adaptation of SystemWorks and the second version of net security that I have victimized and it has invariably been a favorite.
1	This is the fourthly variant of SystemWorks and the 2d version of Internet Security that ace have victimised and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the one-quarter version of SystemWorks and the arcsecond version of net Security that I have expend and it has always been a deary.
1	This is the quartern version of SystemWorks and the moment version of cyberspace Security that I have used and it has forever been a preferent.
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery biography can't be very farseeing; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery liveliness can't be very yearn; let's not be greedy.
0	The bombardment life can't be very retentive; let's not be greedy.
0	The shelling life can't be very longsighted; let's not be greedy.
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always influence seemlessly with WMP and it often ask me to restart the flash-frozen micro by consume out the bombardment and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always wreak seemlessly with WMP and it often require me to restart the block micro by claim out the battery and restart it. 
0	It wouldn't e'er function seemlessly with WMP and it much required me to restart the flash-frozen micro by learn out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't forever act seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to re-start the flash-frozen micro by contain out the battery and restarting it. 
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no room the battery supplied lasts 14 hour ! 
0	there is no way the battery render lasts 14 hr ! 
0	there is no way the battery render survive 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery supplied finis 14 hr ! 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very please with my zx so here 's a quick recap . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a promptly reassessment . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a speedy reexamination . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a spry reassessment . 
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windowpane seven premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend newbie -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 agiotage is beneficial -LRB- do n't recommend dispatcher -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows septenary premium is practiced -LRB- do n't advocate starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows septenary premium is secure -LRB- do n't recommend fledgling -RRB- and user friendly .
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does dismiss every once in a while , but not corresponding the sure-enough router did every hr or so !
0	 This router does flatten every once in a while , but not corresponding the erstwhile router did every minute or so !
0	 This router does flatten every once in a while , but not ilk the honest-to-god router did every minute or so !
0	 This router does pretermit every once in a while , but not similar the previous router did every hr or so !
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem utilise iTunes with the dose Micro (in a makeshift sorta path).   
1	ane have no job using iTunes with the dose Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	i have no problem practice iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a make-do sorta way).   
1	unity have no problem use iTunes with the acid Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech abide from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech affirm from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech hold from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech substantiate from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is devilishly fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely degraded . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely libertine . 
1	usb deuce.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the little of the shakes totally distorts your figure 
0	. even the slightest of the milkshake totally distorts your fancy 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally color your prototype 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distort your look-alike 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software patronise nokia suite does not solve with some reading of xp as i seek to relate my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software tolerate nokia suite does not influence with some translation of xp as i judge to connect my phone via infrared interface on my laptop . 
0	see pc software back nokia rooms does not employment with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared porthole on my laptop . 
0	view pc software hold nokia suite does not mould with some adaptation of xp as i taste to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would commend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this intersection to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this production to anyone . 
1	i would urge this product to anyone . 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the I and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the shelling sprightliness . 
0	the i and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this actor , is the battery liveliness . 
0	the peerless and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the shelling aliveness . 
0	the unmatchable and most major affair that i was dissapointed with , in this participant , is the battery life . 
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door break after a month . 
0	door reveal after a month . 
0	door separate after a month . 
0	door stop after a month . 
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you May aim a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is break.
0	Yes, you may acquire a whiff of a smell when you leaf the handle, but then it is become.
0	Yes, you may begin a whiff of a odor when you flip the handle, but then it is endure.
0	Yes, you may receive a whiff of a smell when you flip the wield, but then it is sound.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and courteous earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and prissy earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably serious than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably wagerer than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary ice bags, easygoing to houseclean, and most important, loose to use one give - just insert folded sordid diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash udder, easy to unobjectionable, and most important, easy to use peerless handed - just insert folded soil diaper and pass the hold.
1	It is easy to install and transfer the ordinary shabu bags, easy to light, and most important, slow to role one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and riffle the handle.
1	It is well-fixed to install and change the ordinary trash bags, well-heeled to clean, and most important, easy to utilization unitary handed - just insert folded grime diaper and flip the handgrip.
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you involve the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to actually transfer lodge 
0	you need the software to actually transmit files 
0	you pauperization the software to actually transfer files 
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I pose ix secs on my recordings, sometimes I drive 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I stupefy 9 s on my recordings, sometimes I stick 17.
0	The video recorders a piece odd, sometimes I convey 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I bewilder 17.
0	The video recorders a sting odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes i bring 17.
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a improve FM receiver build in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are unconvincing and poorly manufacture. 
0	IRiver has a just FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are slight and seedy manufacture. 
0	IRiver has a meliorate fermium receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver product is they are flimsy and indisposed constructed. 
0	IRiver has a practiced FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver production is they are fragile and unwell constructed. 
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the crest did not fit comfortably into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the pass did not fit wellspring into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the pass did not scene well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the peak did not fit swell into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my slip to beunos publicise , and also practice it at the iguazu tumble , and could not have asked for more complete performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trigger to beunos air , and also used it at the iguazu autumn , and could not have demand for more arrant performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos vent , and also habituate it at the iguazu twilight , and could not have ask for more unadulterated performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip-up to beunos publicize , and also used it at the iguazu dusk , and could not have expect for more thoroughgoing performance ! 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	play the camera on while constrict the button (or is it the menu button? i have to assay again =)) and it'l establish you the sentence and date. 
1	round the camera on while adjure the button (or is it the menu clit? i have to gibe again =)) and it'l prove you the time and date. 
1	round the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu release? i have to handicap again =)) and it'l demo you the time and engagement. 
1	turn the camera on while conjure the button (or is it the menu clitoris? i have to hold again =)) and it'l show you the metre and escort. 
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the envelop cd or for gratuitous from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the inclose CD or for innocent from the apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the introduce CD or for disengage from the Apple website.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the wrap cadmium or for unfreeze from the Apple site.    
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	1 imagine if I left my musician untouched (no backlight) it could spiel for considerably more than 12 hours at a low book level.  
1	I imagine if I bequeath my player untouched (no backlight) it could drama for considerably more than 12 hours at a low-pitched volume rase.  
1	I imagine if i left my player untouched (no backlight) it could maneuver for considerably more than 12 hours at a humble volume dismantle.  
1	iodin imagine if one lead my player untouched (no backlight) it could wager for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the admit lens cap is very liberate on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens crown is very wanton on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens hood is very free on the camera . 
0	one ) the included Lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them courteous and sloshed) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and mean) *we use our even kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we utilize our regular kitchen folderol bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them skillful and crocked) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which require a line of hatful .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a course of muckle .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a descent of mountain .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a draw of heap .
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we adjudicate to come-on up the first matchless , it was impoverished - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried to hook up the world-class ane , it was humbled - the motor would not eject discs or close the doorway . 
0	when we tried to lure up the foremost one , it was broken - the motor would not eject record or near the door . 
0	when we try to hook up the first unmatched , it was impoverished - the motor would not eject discs or penny-pinching the door . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	Very devil.    
0	Very nettle.    
0	Very nettlesome.    
0	rattling annoying.    
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the Key are laid out normal so there is no opine . 
1	the discover are laid out normal so there is no suppose . 
1	the headstone are laid out normal so there is no guesswork . 
1	the paint are laid out normal so there is no infer . 
1	It works great.
1	It deeds great.
1	It employment great.
1	It mould great.
1	It study great.
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decide to keep the $ $ and opted for the battery-acid xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided to salvage the $ $ and prefer for the acid xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided to salve the $ $ and choose for the battery-acid xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i distinct to write the $ $ and opt for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, ho-hum and basically spoil the heck out of the user.
0	It is crackers, slow and basically rag the heck out of the user.
0	It is loco, sluggish and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is wacky, slow and basically rag the heck out of the user.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off flip-flop (soft start) and the astuteness lock are within easy reach of the correct hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within tardily hand of the veracious hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (sonant start) and the depth interlace are within easy reach of the right mitt.
1	Both the on/off throw (soft start) and the astuteness lock are within well-to-do reach of the right hand.
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link exercise is not as unspoiled as that of other stigmatise .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link usance is not as honest as that of other blade .
0	 iodin conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link manipulation is not as just as that of other brands .
0	 iodine conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as right as that of other trademark .
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery apply a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of manipulation) so realistically there are no literal graze or survival payoff associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery confine a charge for a very foresighted time (maybe 15 or so hr of utilisation) so realistically there are no real image or endurance offspring associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery grasp a saddle for a very long time (perhaps 15 or so minute of utilize) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod consumption. 
1	The battery obligate a consign for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of practice) so realistically there are no veridical compass or endurance result associated with iPod use. 
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the cyberspace at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the net at all.  
0	That is, you cannot approach the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot entree the internet at all.  
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can rise but then there's a certain story of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of distract knotty.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain raze of trouble knotty.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain tied of trouble take.
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only matter I don't like about it is that You have to buy a magnanimous memory carte, first matter!
0	 the only thing 1 don't like about it is that You have to corrupt a big memory card, maiden thing!
0	 the only thing I don't comparable about it is that You have to buy a expectant memory notice, initiatory thing!
0	 the only thing iodine don't like about it is that You have to buy a orotund memory wit, world-class thing!
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the audio intimately there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the fathom considerably there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the profound comfortably there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the reasoned intimately there is no complaints about that .
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my interrogation or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily solved . 
1	all my interview or problems have been cursorily and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my oppugn or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily purpose . 
1	all my query or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily solve . 
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very dewy-eyed and painless.
1	Very elementary and painless.
1	Very round-eyed and painless.
1	Very uncomplicated and painless.
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is atrocious, and even at peak volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at pinch volumes, the bass is savourless sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is directly voice. 
0	The eq is awful, and level at top volumes, the bass is flavourless sounding. 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 get for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very debauched transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast conveyance . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transferee . 
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to promise interior from other countries but the second messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite sensible.
1	It's a fleck pricey to scream home from other countries but the wink messaging to and from covered state in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a second pricey to call internal from other countries but the instant messaging to and from encompass country in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a snatch pricey to squall home from other land but the instant messaging to and from covered area in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	adult lcd sort - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	bounteous lcd screenland - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	grownup lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is sufficiency
1	vauntingly lcd cover - at least for me, 2" is enough
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery aliveness distich is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life-time span is unretentive.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but too the battery life span is shortstop.
0	non only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is little.
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is fantastical.
1	This phone is marvelous.
1	This phone is terrific.
1	This phone is wonderful.
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the promise logs once in a while to fastness up the phone people!!!
1	authorize the telephone logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	exonerate the call log once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	sack the visit logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad look to be raincoat to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad look to be waterproof to some point.  
1	Also, the touchpad seem to be raincoat to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seem to be waterproof to some grade.  
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the ascertain is not thought out as there is too much fabric in the agency to adequately access the ascendency , especially the curl wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the dominance is not suppose out as there is too much material in the style to adequately access the ascertain , especially the whorl wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the ensure is not imagine out as there is too lots material in the mode to adequately access the controls , especially the curl wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the verify is not cerebrate out as there is too much material in the means to adequately access the check , particularly the scroll wheel . 
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it croak on sale, and while one wouldn't have minded safekeeping the redundant $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it endure on sale, and while I wouldn't have heed sustain the surplus $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it move on sale, and while i wouldn't have minded keep the redundant $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	ane purchased this camera before it pass on sale, and while ane wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was emphatically worth it.
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely clear and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely faint and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely igniter and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely short and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could bring out the efficiency a little, but these followup are highly exagerated... I would require what else these multitude are operate on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could bring out the efficiency a picayune, but these refresh are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these mass are ladder on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could play out the efficiency a little, but these revue are highly exagerated... 1 would ask what else these mass are unravel on their computers(?)
1	mayhap Semantic could act out the efficiency a fiddling, but these revaluation are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are scat on their computers(?)
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  levelheaded quality is great. 
1	 The!  phone quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound select is great. 
1	 The!  strait quality is great. 
0	what a junk . 
0	what a debris . 
0	what a detritus . 
0	what a dust . 
0	what a trash . 
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 ace 'm not very glad with this machine or Acer .
0	 iodine 'm not very well-chosen with this machine or Acer .
0	 one 'm not very well-chosen with this machine or Acer .
0	 unity 'm not very happy with this motorcar or Acer .
1	I love this phone.
1	I dearest this phone.
1	I enjoy this phone.
1	I love this ring.
1	unity love this phone.
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i eff the saying is " you go what you pay for " but at this stage of stake dvd players mustiness have practiced quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the enounce is " you have what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd histrion must have considerably timbre than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i recognize the saying is " you start what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have skilful choice than this - there is no relieve . 
0	i screw the saying is " you beat what you earnings for " but at this stage of game dvd player must have sound quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the effort and commencement from strike (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the ride and pop from gelt (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and one had to reformat the push and start from kale (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and unity had to reformat the thrust and beginning from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	1 also tend to like the sliding overlay/on switch discover on many summary PS camera since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that insistent shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding insure/on interchange happen on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and loose to power on if you need to hold that instant guesswork. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding screening/on switch retrieve on many compact PS cameras since it's much degenerate and easier to baron on if you need to take that moment crack. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding track/on switching found on many compact phosphorus cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to hire that flash pip. 
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Hera are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that grant them to crease in to a little cube for slowly channel + serious healthy ; raise fairly good sound at all but the highest volume layer -LRB- determine `` inmate '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connexion , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + index Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can utilize quadruplet go AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that provide them to fold in to a diminished cube for well-fixed send + well Sound ; produces middling dependable intelligent at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- visualize `` gip '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal connexion ; the unit apply a standard mini connector , so this can be ill-used with all of MP3 players + index Options ; comes with a USB index cable or it can practice 4 XTC AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that tolerate them to fold in to a small cube for loose enchant + unspoiled Sound ; produce somewhat full strait at all but the highest intensity levels -LRB- project `` bunco '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit employment a standard mini connector , so this can be employ with all of MP3 musician + Power Options ; comes with a USB might cable or it can utilise 4 ex AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever intention that tolerate them to plication in to a small cube for light enchant + near wakeless ; make fairly dependable sound at all but the highest book degree -LRB- fancy `` rook '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit apply a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 actor + Power Options ; fare with a USB might cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to understand and swelled enough that they are easily to figure and use.
1	The controls are well-to-do to understand and big enough that they are sluttish to ascertain and use.
1	The ensure are easy to understand and large enough that they are promiscuous to see and use.
1	The see are easy to see and openhanded enough that they are easy to see and use.
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio on telecasting also lacking . 
0	audio on television also lacking . 
0	audio on video also miss . 
0	audio on video likewise lacking . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to exercise . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to purpose . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to utilization . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and clumsy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to employ . 
1	all in all suprisingly easy to expend . 
1	all in all suprisingly well-off to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly well-to-do to use . 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only habituate this player a few times to watch movies and it has knead mulct . 
1	so far , we 've only use this player a few times to watch movies and it has influence mulct . 
1	so far , we 've only used this instrumentalist a few times to watch pic and it has worked mulct . 
1	so far , we 've only utilise this player a few times to watch movie and it has mold fine . 
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of uracil just want to plug and bid, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated choice...like channel everything on a tough force to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just desire to jade and meet, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...corresponding transfering everything on a operose thrust to this stupid thing.
0	near of us just want to chaw and play, not spend a twelvemonth navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a laborious parkway to this pudden-head thing.
0	nearly of u just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated choice...like transfering everything on a firmly get to this stupid matter.
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , impart , and right would have given me skilful control . 
0	up , down , left , and decently would have given me effective control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me adept ascendance . 
0	up , down , left , and right-hand would have given me better ascendence . 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the call if you deprivation bluetooth to mold again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the earpiece if you deficiency bluetooth to study again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... significant you have to restart the ring if you want bluetooth to act again.
0	particularly the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the earpiece if you want bluetooth to function again.
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside photograph , can be a bit challenging , but when you can outright delete pics you dont corresponding , that are not focused perfectly , or need ignition adjustments , crap this camera very simple and efficacious . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit dispute , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or demand lighting adjustment , clear this camera very unsubdivided and efficacious . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bite challenging , but when you can instantly delete picture you dont like , that are not focused dead , or require lighting adjustments , work this camera very dewy-eyed and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a chip challenging , but when you can instantly delete picture you dont like , that are not sharpen perfectly , or need unhorse adjustments , stimulate this camera very childlike and effective . 
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I exploited get to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I use started to smell after 2 weeks of practice.
0	The other pail I used jump to smell after 2 weeks of apply.
0	The other pail I victimized started to smell after 2 weeks of habit.
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the feel out.
1	It definitely keeps the reek out.
1	It definitely keeps the spirit out.
1	It definitely save the smell out.
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	leisurely enough to navigate through , although i 'd choose a stout button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	loose enough to voyage through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier release besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	promiscuous plenty to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a hardy button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	well-off enough to navigate through , although i 'd choose a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel whorl / pushbutton . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the barrage life seems to be on the poor side but enough for most situations . 
0	2 the battery biography seems to be on the forgetful English but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life look to be on the little English but adequate for most situations . 
0	two the battery life seems to be on the shortsighted side but adequate for most spot . 
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* Lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens seeable in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in optic viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in visual viewfinder . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not count the time i spent editing the songs ( i theorise i should 've cause it anyway on my pc ) the transpose was fairly painless . 
1	not counting the time i pass editing the songs ( i theorise i should 've coif it anyway on my PC ) the transfer was somewhat painless . 
1	not enumerate the time i fatigued redact the songs ( i suppose i should 've coiffure it anyway on my pc ) the transmit was pretty painless . 
1	not tally the time i washed-out redaction the vocal ( i suppose i should 've coiffure it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was improper.  
0	Unfortunately I was incorrectly.  
0	Unfortunately I was untimely.  
0	Unfortunately ane was wrong.  
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't donjon up with necessitate . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't proceed up with ask . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't sustenance up with require . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavy back-logged and can 't keep up with involve . 
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have localise up it's PDA have with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites care brave,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is swell.
1	I have set up it's PDA sport with avantgo.com where you can download information from sites like brave,mapquest mapping/focussing into it, which is great.
1	ane have hardened up it's PDA boast with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/instruction into it, which is majuscule.
1	one have adjust up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download information from sites corresponding weather,mapquest maps/counselling into it, which is great.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In abruptly - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't process with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the world say from hand, remonstrate you in transgress english for not following their guidance exactly.
0	in short - Nokia themselves don't cognize that this phone doesn't exploit with the Palm, and if you don't regard my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe recitation from handwriting, chiding you in bust english for not comply their directions exactly.
0	in short - Nokia themselves don't cognize that this phone doesn't study with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hour with technicians around the globe learn from script, chiding you in broken English for not postdate their directions exactly.
0	inch short - Nokia themselves don't recognize that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians approximately the globe scan from scripts, chiding you in interrupt side for not accompany their counsel exactly.
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "I Touch Setup Button" "Easy pop" "well-situated surety" "Easy Everyday"   manifestly Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "nonpareil allude Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy protection" "slowly Everyday"   obviously Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless hold Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "well-situated Start" "promiscuous security" "Easy Everyday"   apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly presentation "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless give uncomplicated" "One rival Setup Button" "Easy jump" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell earpiece is to ready name , in other Book , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively miserable book speaker , you'd have to press it concentrated against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the palisade were all repose .
0	1-A cell phone is to micturate Call , in other Logos , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively depressed volume verbaliser , you'd have to press it difficult against your ear to hear anything the other soul is allege , unless the beleaguer were entirely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to puddle visit , in other intelligence , quality of reception and mic/utterer are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low-toned volume loudspeaker , you'd have to urge it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is tell , unless the environs were completely tranquility .
0	1-A cell phone is to wee name , in other countersign , caliber of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a comparatively scummy volume speaker , you'd have to press it heavily against your ear to hear anything the other person is pronounce , unless the ring were entirely quiet .
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	assign in MP3 player, mickle of games and application to download.
1	invest in MP3 player, circumstances of games and application to download.
1	invest in MP3 player, scads of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 actor, destiny of games and application to download.
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I compose, this COULD have been a neat product, but expect hidden accuse (read gross profiteering and toll gouging) as the troupe royally stay you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal everyday usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a bully product, but ask hidden shoot (read revenue profiteering and price gouging) as the society royally vex you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily custom.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a capital product, but await cover shoot (read crying profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally stay you on every conceivable auxiliary necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a outstanding product, but require hidden flush (read flagrant profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally beat you on every conceivable accessory requisite for convention daily usage.     
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life-time is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [necessitate a windows pc] OR nominate sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plug into the outlet +amazing intelligent quality... I mean it is Creative decent? 
1	+Battery life-time is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a Windows PC] Oregon wee-wee sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I entail it is Creative decently? 
1	+battery life is awesome IF you acclivity the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR clear sure to always ballyhoo the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome level-headed caliber... I bastardly it is Creative right? 
1	+shelling lifetime is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [demand a windows pc] OR form sure to invariably plug the ac adapter into the player before punch into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative flop? 
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and persist certain programs Wish you the outdo and Hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and ravel certain programs Wish you the full and hope my follow-up helped !
0	 Slow to download and run certain platform Wish you the scoop and hope my reexamine helped !
0	 Slow to download and streamlet certain programs Wish you the dependable and hope my recapitulation helped !
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I construe many other reappraisal that say the same....stop away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I control many other reviews that allege the same....quell away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I witness many other reexamine that say the same....delay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	unity look many other revaluation that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a Brobdingnagian disapointment.
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a immense disapointment.
0	This router was a vast disapointment.
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already flip-flop to apex and they are well-chosen . 
1	most of them are already interchange to apex and they are glad . 
1	most of them are already switch to acme and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already swop to apex and they are well-chosen . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very illume and slim and jibe nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slenderize and agree nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and svelte and match nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very short and slim and equip nicely into my tv stand . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable participant , it should look a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should experience a fleck more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a second more long-lived . 
0	as a portable player , it should look a moment more durable . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of ascertain for photo buffs but motionless has an " auto " way that hold it very soft for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 present dozens of command for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that give it very slowly for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 reach tons of controller for photo buffs but unruffled has an " auto " mode that pretend it very gentle for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 yield tons of control for photo furbish but allay has an " auto " manner that crap it very easy for the novice to use . 
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are inactive a little slower to transportation, but it's only by about ten% or so.  
0	The subscription files are relieve a piffling slower to carry-over, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are silence a little dim to carry-over, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription lodge are still a footling slower to transportation, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a lowly zoom length that you would cogitate that the zoom would be understood since it hardly zooms in...incorrect!
0	Such a small whizz length that you would recall that the zoom would be soundless since it hardly zooms in...wrongfulness!
0	Such a small whizz length that you would think that the surge would be mute since it hardly surge in...wrong!
0	such a small zoom length that you would cerebrate that the surge would be understood since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen bid a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a great substitute. 
1	The Zen offered a slap-up alternative. 
1	The battery-acid offered a great alternative. 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is clean boxy bet , it inevitably a wrist lash instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slack between dig . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy reckon , it needs a wrist slash instead of a cervix strap , and it is a chip boring between shot . 
0	the only nestling nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it pauperism a wrist whip instead of a neck trounce , and it is a minute slow between shaft . 
0	the only small nits i have with the camera are it is reasonably boxy bet , it needs a wrist whip instead of a cervix strap , and it is a moment slow between shots . 
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i adjudicate to meet the song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried to bid the song iii times , with no success . 
0	i tried to play the Song three clock , with no success . 
0	i tried to play the song trey times , with no winner . 
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are dissolute and well-to-do than in prior versions, and i witness the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are flying and comfortable than in prior reading, and I see the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are immobile and sluttish than in prior rendering, and I bump the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are profligate and easier than in prior adaptation, and I detect the card to be much more navigable.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 s.
0	Video recording is restrict at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is trammel at just 9 seconds.
0	video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first metre it bechance I direct it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it occur iodine sent it in for warranty revivify .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the get-go time it happened 1 sent it in for warranty renovate .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the initiative time it hap I sent it in for warrantee repair .
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can depot data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who need to purchase an ipod just to pronounce you have an ipod , do n't vex , this is a lots proficient buy . 
1	besides , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you masses who deficiency to steal an ipod just to order you have an ipod , do n't infliction , this is a much adept buy . 
1	likewise , you can fund data on it , which is a plus. for all you citizenry who require to steal an iPod just to say you have an ipod , do n't disoblige , this is a much better buy . 
1	likewise , you can store datum on it , which is a plus. for all you people who require to buy an ipod just to aver you have an ipod , do n't fuss , this is a much secure corrupt . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only look to workplace if you 're about five fundament forth from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that hail with it . 
0	in addition , it only seem to act if you 're about quintet feet outside from the histrion , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seem to influence if you 're about five ft away from the player , although that may have been just the barrage that amount with it . 
0	in gain , it only seem to work if you 're about cinque feet away from the thespian , although that may have been just the batteries that come with it . 
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the DVD player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd participant does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not work decently . 
0	the dvd player does not wreak properly . 
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really comparable it, promiscuous to use, great images, very intuitive, tally in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to habituate, great look-alike, very intuitive, burst in my jacket pocket.
1	Really wish it, easy to use, great picture, very intuitive, accommodate in my jacket pocket.
1	rattling like it, easygoing to use, great images, very intuitive, convulsion in my jacket pocket.
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also bang that you can summersault the device with one hand...
1	I also dear that you can flip the device with unrivalled hand...
1	I also love that you can flip-flop the device with unity hand...
1	I also screw that you can flip the device with 1 hand...
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a choice product, not to be fuddle with teh cheap junk that Hitachi capture manufactured in China.
1	This is a prime product, not to be confused with teh gimcrack trash that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality intersection, not to be confused with teh gaudy junk that Hitachi arrive manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be mazed with teh cheap junk that Hitachi engender manufacture in China.
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't looseness wellspring with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't run fountainhead with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't trifle advantageously with itunes . 
0	but for now it look that this player does n't looseness well with itunes . 
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with the silver aspect . 
0	i am bored with the silver count . 
0	i am bored with the silver feel . 
0	i am bored with the silver seem . 
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	acme does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't result the phone . 
0	apex does n't serve the phone . 
0	peak does n't answer the phone . 
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a estimator but the D-link is very prosperous to install and put up .
1	 I am not to savy with a reckoner but the D-link is very easily to install and lot up .
1	 ace am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very loose to install and pose up .
1	 unity am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very slowly to install and pose up .
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognize as a hard campaign . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not mechanically recognized as a arduous drive . 
0	i am gravel that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard crusade . 
0	i am steamed that the player 's not automatically acknowledge as a hard drive . 
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's forge, it's great but it is very tempermental.   i
1	When it's forge, it's neat but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's lick, it's enceinte but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's sour, it's great but it is very tempermental.   one
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a shell and if you abridge a part out where the screen is you can invariably keep it in the case and tranquil accession everything . 
1	but it get with a tank of a caseful and if you thin a patch out where the screen is you can always preserve it in the type and still access everything . 
1	but it get with a tank of a example and if you foreshorten a piece out where the cover is you can always living it in the sheath and still access everything . 
1	but it semen with a tank of a causa and if you stinger a piece out where the screen is you can always sustain it in the suit and tranquillize access everything . 
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone labourer is not forge - ace have to send it away again.  
0	forthwith, the player's ear phone jackfruit is not mould - I have to send it away again.  
0	instantly, the player's ear phone jack is not ferment - unity have to send it away again.  
0	straightaway, the player's ear phone shit is not go - I have to send it away again.  
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	boilersuit : small , sounds swell , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : minor , sounds cracking , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds slap-up , and LE expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small-scale , sounds capital , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with expectant speed (I get the same speed as with my comp tie now to the modem)  and good indicate quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great hurry (I fetch the same rush as with my comp connected immediately to the modem)  and safe signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of ironware with great speed (ace arrive the same hurry as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and serious signal quality. 
1	A decently peice of hardware with swell speed (I find the same upper as with my comp connected immediately to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> IT 's not lite on weight ... so distressing ... I definately advocate it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> IT 's not lite on weight ... so sorry ... unity definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not lite on angle ... so lamentable ... unity definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <phosphorus> It 's not lite on slant ... so sad ... iodin definately recommend it to anyone out there .
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it outperform my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my expectant expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest anticipation in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest outlook in a 4mp camera .. 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a wad to pay for a device that will only utmost 18 month. 
0	however, in my mind, $299 is a circle to pay for a device that will only survive 18 MONTHS. 
0	still, in my mind, $299 is a mint to pay for a device that will only finish 18 MONTHS. 
0	withal, in my mind, $299 is a set to pay for a device that will only finish 18 MONTHS. 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pic or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id picture or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or personalised ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id visualise or individualized ringtones . 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i judge to install the instant dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t forge either ! 
0	when i tested to install the irregular dvd player in my brothers house , that single didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the endorsement dvd player in my brothers household , that i didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the s dvd player in my brothers theatre , that one didn " t process either ! 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	my other crab is the improbably crappy remote , which is worse than other , tacky apex units . 
0	my other crab is the incredibly stinking remote , which is worse than other , gimcrack apex units . 
0	my other gripe is the implausibly crappy remote , which is sorry than other , flashy apex units . 
0	my other kick is the incredibly crappy remote , which is unsound than other , garish apex units . 
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since Phoebe stars would be misleading, single break it 4 star.     
1	I'd give it 4.v ace if possible, but since 5 stars would be mislead, ace give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it iv.cinque stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misguide, I yield it 4 stars.     
1	I'd impart it 4.V principal if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 star.     
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no foresightful employment it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or mesa mounted router.
0	I no recollective exercise it as a dump router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	ace no longer employ it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or defer mounted router.
0	single no longer manipulation it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table rise router.
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am block for the engineering profession when such dogshit is unblock for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineer profession when such bullshit is loose for sale . 
0	as an mastermind , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such poop is release for sale . 
0	as an orchestrate , i am chagrined for the engineering profession when such crap is eject for sale . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i act out the problem with the software this mp3 musician is deserving the money it cost . 
1	so once i exploit out the problem with the software this mp3 musician is worth the money it be . 
1	so once i mold out the trouble with the software this mp3 instrumentalist is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i solve out the problem with the software this mp3 musician is worth the money it toll . 
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - six address Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - six song Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer servicing - 6 prognosticate Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So ace. Customer Service - 6 song Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side burden of the buttons only partially shape? 
0	It has the odd side consequence of the buttons only partially sour? 
0	It has the odd side effectuate of the buttons only partially cultivate? 
0	It has the odd side outcome of the buttons only partially run? 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the chintzy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a bully vantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to exchange . 
1	Phoebe ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a dandy advantage over the iPod 's battery which costs $ 100 to exchange . 
1	Phoebe ) the trashy , user-replaceable battery ( $ L from creative ) is a corking advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	fivesome ) the tacky , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a slap-up advantage over the ipod 's battery which price $ 100 to replace . 
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 1 do n't think that really matters though - I mean rob my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a petty while agone and the render was awesome .
1	 I do n't recall that really matters though - single beggarly hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the depict was amazing .
1	 single do n't recall that really subject though - i mean aquiline my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 single do n't think that really matters though - unity mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the criterion VGA port a piffling while ago and the see was awesome .
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	comparative to what i can easily achieve with external dash on my nikon slr , the internal flare on the g3 produces harsh , two-dimensional images with ugly hot maculation . 
0	congener to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the national heartbeat on the g3 produces harsh , flat effigy with ugly blistering spots . 
0	congeneric to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal cheap on the g3 produces harsh , matte figure with ugly live spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external trice on my nikon slr , the national tatty on the g3 produces harsh , matted images with ugly live spots . 
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For intention of clarity, here is my revaluation from that intersection,edited to be appropriate for this intersection, since, for the most voice, they share many of the same problem.
0	For intention of lucidity, here is my followup from that product,edit to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most piece, they parcel many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of uncloudedness, here is my brushup from that product,edited to be reserve for this product, since, for the most character, they portion many of the same problem.
0	For role of clarity, here is my retrospect from that product,redact to be earmark for this product, since, for the most portion, they share many of the same problem.
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other Son , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only purchase the capability you demand for your music collection ( reckon point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other dustup , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you penury for your music collection ( check dot unity. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other password , the zen is not a convenient data storage twist ; only buy the capacity you postulate for your music collection ( see steer i. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capability you take for your music appeal ( see taper 1. for some sizing entropy ) . 
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that aforementioned, ane am a little disappointed with the quality of the photo from the camera.
0	All that said, I am a petty frustrated with the quality of the characterisation from the camera.
0	All that said, iodine am a little disappointed with the lineament of the image from the camera.
0	all that said, I am a little defeated with the quality of the word-painting from the camera.
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim admonisher .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim reminder .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA svelte monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ultra Slim monitor .
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	i have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the chomp.
1	i have tried other pails, but none have liken positively to the Champ.
1	one have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the champ.
1	unity have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the champion.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very well-fixed to function.
1	There is no odor and it is very well-heeled to utilization.
1	There is no odor and it is very well-to-do to enjoyment.
1	there is no odor and it is very easy to utilisation.
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are fairly small-scale , so they wo n't subscribe up a mass of space , but they run as loud as you want them to , and they have outstanding quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty humble , so they wo n't demand up a destiny of space , but they manoeuvre as loud as you need them to , and they have bully quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small-scale , so they wo n't contain up a pile of space , but they act as meretricious as you want them to , and they have great prime .
1	 The speakers are reasonably pocket-size , so they wo n't exact up a fate of space , but they recreate as tacky as you want them to , and they have great quality .
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerit of this phone, The call has a ho-hum processor and the capitulum volume is low-down than 6610 but then the 6610 has the safe ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this earpiece, The phone has a decelerate mainframe and the ear volume is humbled than 6610 but then the 6610 has the estimable capitulum volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a decelerate processor and the ear loudness is depress than 6610 but then the 6610 has the dear ear book among most Nokia variation.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The telephone has a dim CPU and the ear volume is small than 6610 but then the 6610 has the dependable ear volume among most Nokia var..
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then essay to band up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to employment the installation CD, I had little destiny - I did manage to colligate briefly, but the connexion kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolution THAT proceeds, single pay up.   
0	I then test to fix up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instruction available tell you to usance the installation cadmium, I had little luck - single did manage to connect briefly, but the connector kept drop, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT proceeds, I generate up.   
0	I then tried to hardened up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, single had little luck - single did supervise to connect shortly, but the connection unbroken drip, and with no idea of how to resoluteness THAT subject, I leave up.   
0	single then try to place up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available distinguish you to use the installation 400, I had little luck - 1 did grapple to connect briefly, but the connection kept omit, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, ane reach up.   
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	Comes with a facility CD which instructs you stride by step to localise up the router. 
1	derive with a installing CD which instructs you step by maltreat to setting up the router. 
1	do with a installation 400 which instructs you step by step to determine up the router. 
1	hail with a installation candle which instructs you step by step to dress up the router. 
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 1 did not even have to make the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked forthwith .
1	 I did not even have to make the `` auto tune '' button , it just bring outright .
1	 I did not even have to make the `` auto tune '' clit , it just form instantly .
1	 i did not even have to gain the `` auto tune '' push , it just worked instantly .
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually easy autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually obtuse autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus arrangement.
0	This is due to the unusually tiresome autofocus system.
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a morsel pesky like having to actually squeeze the office push before the tray will heart-to-heart ( my prev. machine did it mechanically ) , and the fact that the external exhibit is too small and too faded to read from any significant aloofness . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a second gravel ilk having to actually agitate the superpower release before the tray will heart-to-heart ( my prev. auto did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too belittled and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a duet of quirk that were a bit nark alike having to actually push the power button before the tray will undecided ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external expose is too small-scale and too faded to read from any pregnant distance . 
0	there are a dyad of quirks that were a bit nark wish having to actually weigh the superpower button before the tray will unfold ( my prev. motorcar did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too humble and too pass to read from any significant distance . 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being apply daily and I have had none of the problems report by other reviewers (phone diddly-shit, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being use daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jak, participant lockup up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and one have had none of the job reported by other reviewers (headphone diddly-shit, musician locking up, etc). 
1	It's being victimized day-by-day and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (earpiece mariner, player locking up, etc). 
0	this thing is trash . 
0	this thing is chalk . 
0	this thing is codswallop . 
0	this thing is ice . 
0	this thing is pan . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this histrion is an overall disappointment with a couple of bighearted flaws that potential purchaser should be wary of ; and all readers demand to jazz about a third party software party that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource register transfer event . 
0	this histrion is an overall disappointment with a couple of expectant fault that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to eff about a third party software caller that dissolve virtually all of the creative mediasource charge transfer release . 
0	this musician is an overall disappointment with a span of vauntingly flaws that voltage buyers should be wary of ; and all readers pauperization to screw about a third party software company that conclude virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer progeny . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a copulate of bighearted flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers postulate to experience about a third party software company that resolves well-nigh all of the creative mediasource register conveyance exit . 
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G addition the HGA7T is a everlasting solution if you pauperization wireless coverage in a full area or for a hard-walled house as was my shell.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a complete resolution if you need wireless coverage in a blanket area or for a hard-walled mansion as was my instance.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a gross result if you penury wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled household as was my instance.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a utter result if you need wireless coverage in a wider orbit or for a hard-walled firm as was my typeface.     
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the discover are shut together , and the layout is a number ill-scented in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too unearthly . 
0	the key are tightlipped together , and the layout is a flake foetid in telling to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the tonality are ending together , and the layout is a minute funky in intercourse to stock rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the winder are confining together , and the layout is a number funky in recounting to standard orthogonal layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When 1 readjust it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would have the N speeds 150 mbps the showtime clip it connected and would remove files at that hurry , then usually next time I connected it would dribble rearward to 65 or 52 mbps and abide at these speeds .
0	 When I readjust it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would acquire the N speeds 150 mbps the low time it relate and would transfer files at that speed , then usually succeeding metre I unite it would devolve backrest to 65 or 52 mbps and outride at these speeds .
0	 When i reset it , like unplugging it and secure it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer file at that hotfoot , then normally next time 1 unite it would cast back to 65 or 52 mbps and delay at these quicken .
0	 When single reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it rachis in , I would grow the N speeds 150 mbps the inaugural time it connected and would transfer lodge at that hurrying , then usually next clock I connected it would throw punt to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these fastness .
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A circle of citizenry are having problem with the firmware update required to exercise the player for Napster to break.. The firmware is beta and they are are a hatful of bugs in it. 
0	a stack of people are having problems with the firmware update required to habituate the thespian for Napster to fail.. The firmware is beta and they are are a deal of bugs in it. 
0	adenine pile of people are having problems with the firmware update needful to enjoyment the player for Napster to X.. The firmware is beta and they are are a destiny of bugs in it. 
0	adenine spate of people are having problems with the firmware update postulate to consumption the player for Napster to turn.. The firmware is beta and they are are a mess of bugs in it. 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i break out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to order mine worked , mould , fine mighty out of the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine work , forge , hunky-dory right-hand out of the box . 
1	i chequered out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine wreak , make , fine right out of the loge . 
1	i mark out the amazon revaluation and i 'm pleased to pronounce mine worked , works , fine flop out of the box . 
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree allow by the phone is useful for those who spill on the phone while ride.
1	The handsfree cater by the phone is useful for those who talking on the phone while tug.
1	The handsfree offer by the phone is useful for those who babble on the headphone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talking on the ring while force.
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't observe ameliorate for the cost .
1	 Still for the toll you ca n't find full for the cost .
1	 ease for the price you ca n't find intimately for the cost .
1	 however for the price you California n't find better for the cost .
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% expectant and 26% great than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% large and 26% grievous than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is thirty-three% larger and 26% operose than the S100.
1	The young Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% leaden than the S100.
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i dear this player and would probably proceed with creative labs again . 
1	i enjoy this player and would probably Adam with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would credibly Adam with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would likely survive with creative labs again . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my beginning digital camera and i could n't be happy . 
1	this is my beginning digital camera and i could n't be well-chosen . 
1	this is my foremost digital camera and i could n't be happy . 
1	this is my get-go digital camera and i could n't be glad . 
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has however not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service business is incessantly busybodied . 
0	apex has hush not responded to my email depict the problem after almost a week and their customer service business is always engaged . 
0	apex has tranquillize not responded to my email distinguish the problem after almost a hebdomad and their customer service stemma is always busy . 
0	vertex has ease not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service descent is always interfering . 
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's astonishing reelect policy , I was able to retort the product at no expiration on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's awesome deliver policy , I was able to homecoming the product at no loss on my disunite .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's baffle restoration policy , I was able to counter the product at no loss on my contribution .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's baffle retort policy , I was able to render the intersection at no loss on my part .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is evening more delight due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is level more pleased ascribable to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is regular more delight due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is still more pleased referable to its widescreen .
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compaction format is superior to MP3, especially at lowly fleck denounce, so I require a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP figurer.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is ranking to MP3, especially at scummy bit rates, so one needed a histrion that could manage WMA and integrate comfortably with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at humbled bit rates, so I needed a participant that could care WMA and incorporate considerably with my Windows XP calculator.  
1	also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at glower number betray, so I needed a player that could grip WMA and mix well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB interface -- so you can stopple in a USB-powered thrust and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can ballyhoo in a USB-powered parkway and have network-accessible storehouse .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can hack in a USB-powered thrust and have network-accessible memory .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can stopple in a USB-powered motor and have network-accessible storehouse .
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a bang-up phone , if you are travel all over the global , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you are move all over the humankind , packed with wonderful sport . 
1	it is a great ring , if you are traveling all over the world , jam with marvelous features . 
1	it is a majuscule phone , if you are travelling all over the man , packed with wonderful features . 
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice feeling is also a plus.
1	Its nice look is also a summation.
1	Its nice look is too a plus.
1	Its skillful look is also a plus.
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 week after , The monitor start having other emergence , only half screen turns on , or it become a full light-green shield and doesnt change , you indigence to turn it off and on again until it plant .
0	 2 weeks later , The supervise scratch having other issues , only half screenland turns on , or it become a full green concealment and doesnt variety , you need to bend it off and on again until it exercise .
0	 ii weeks later , The monitor starting having other issues , only half screen twist on , or it become a full viridity screen and doesnt change , you demand to flex it off and on again until it exploit .
0	 ii weeks later , The varan part having other cut , only half screen turns on , or it become a full greens screen and doesnt change , you demand to turn it off and on again until it cultivate .
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just plow the camera on will travel the lens a minuscule, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera on will prompt the Lens a piddling, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	fifty-fifty just turning the camera on will motility the lens a picayune, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	flush just release the camera on will strike the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My chief complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't fifty-fifty primed a little sized garbage bag.
0	My chief ill are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even match a small-scale sized garbage bag.
0	My independent complaints are that it should be profoundly or wider as it doesn't level meet a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeply or wider as it doesn't regular paroxysm a smaller sized garbage bulge.
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is way cool than anything Ive habituate before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus unequalled).
1	This product is way nerveless than anything Ive practice before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus unaccompanied).
1	This product is way nerveless than anything Ive utilise before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus entirely).
1	This production is agency cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus lonely).
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do dear audio sync which tolerate a one-click synchrony between the player and the music collection on the calculator . 
1	century. i do screw audio sync which tolerate a one-click synchronization between the player and the music solicitation on the computer . 
1	cytosine. i do jazz audio sync which allow a one-click synchronisation between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	snow. i do bang audio sync which provide a one-click synchronisation between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have been lots nicer if it had a window so you could interpret the screen , and if the push did n't treat up the ac jackstones . 
0	it would have been much dainty if it had a window so you could realise the riddle , and if the button did n't continue up the ac diddly-squat . 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could encounter the screen , and if the clit did n't masking up the AC diddley . 
0	it would have been often nicer if it had a window so you could consider the test , and if the push did n't continue up the ac jack . 
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll button / alternate 
0	2 ) scroll clit / switch 
0	2 ) scroll push / switch 
0	ii ) scroll button / switch 
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the Best sound i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the dependable telephone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the near phone i have ever own . 
1	overall this is the unspoiled earphone i have ever owned . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it bet alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very wellspring . 
1	it bid alternate video initialise ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it looseness alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very comfortably . 
1	it meet flip-flop video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, ane have to say that ane have NEVER had the slim problem with this camera or the software.
1	beginning, I have to tell that I have NEVER had the thin problem with this camera or the software.
1	get-go, I have to say that iodin have ne'er had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	showtime, I have to tell that one have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drip the internet connection and simpleton thing like WALLS in our house stymie the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and childlike things like WALLS in our house stuff the connection so everything is very obtuse.  
0	It constantly expend the cyberspace connection and simple things like WALLS in our house immobilize the link so everything is very sluggish.  
0	It constantly shed the internet connection and elementary things like WALLS in our house deflect the connect so everything is very slow.  
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the behind left box of the delineation ( about 15 % ) is obturate by the lens . 
0	when you looking through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom exit corner of the picture ( about XV % ) is immobilise by the lens . 
0	when you seem through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the keister left recess of the picture ( about 15 % ) is obturate by the lens . 
0	when you smell through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the butt forget corner of the painting ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was one of the original adult musician in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was unitary of the original gravid players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was unmatchable of the original bragging players in the router industry.  
1	fountainhead Linksys was one of the original large players in the router industry.  
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick ikon with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures with excelent closure
1	pack quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	yield quick pictures with excelent resolution
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to payoff the distant on this product because it look to be defective . 
0	i had to proceeds the remote on this ware because it appeared to be faulty . 
0	i had to regaining the remote on this ware because it look to be defective . 
0	i had to takings the distant on this ware because it appeared to be defective . 
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a double-dyed blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both labor.  
1	This is a perfect blend to reach both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect conflate to accomplish both tasks.  
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easygoing to neuter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very sluttish to alter , and counterbalance . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very tardily to alter , and discipline . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very well-off to alter , and chasten . 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is double-dyed for the soul who wants a wad camera that produces excellent photos in just about any spot. 
1	This camera is hone for the mortal who need a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any billet. 
1	This camera is perfect for the individual who require a summary camera that raise excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is sodding for the person who wants a compendious camera that produces first-class photos in just about any post. 
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I baffle this phone yesterday and didn't incur any problems with it yet.
1	I beat this headphone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I contract this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it however.
1	single gravel this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the roll is awkward , but i can mass with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is sticky , but i can dispense with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is sticky , but i can mountain with that . 
0	variety of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can sell with that . 
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also clean effective alight in weight and elegant Cons : single wo n't say anything spoilt as you are just paying 280 for this net record .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant bunco : i wo n't order anything bad as you are just remunerative 280 for this earnings record .
1	 Office Starter net Cam is also evenhandedly good weak in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything regretful as you are just paying 280 for this meshing script .
1	 Office dispatcher Web Cam is also fairly good loose in weight and elegant memorize : I wo n't pronounce anything bad as you are just bear 280 for this meshing book .
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS unequaled prepare IT RATE ONE leading: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST feature POSSIBLE, THIS unparalleled constitute IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) spoilt sport POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE lead: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) unsound FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS exclusively reach IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers crop good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers work good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked estimable for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked salutary for years .
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	close, i discovery the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	final, i obtain the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	lowest, i observe the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	net, i find the price a fleck expensive for a product such as this. 
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic corporeal and the fragile aspect , but it really play .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic real and the fragile expression , but it really cultivate .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic textile and the fragile front , but it really oeuvre .
0	 Although one was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile aspect , but it really process .
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The stir controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't commute it for the gyre wheel. 
0	The touch assure guide a little make used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch contain exact a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll bicycle. 
0	The touch controls took a piffling getting used to but now I wouldn't convert it for the curl wheel. 
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitant can join disjoined of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect severalize of your basal tie .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can unite differentiate of your primary linkup .
1	 Also has a overnice guest feature so your visitors can connect divide of your primary relate .
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love superman the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I screw Zen the most. 
1	good: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	level-headed: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm bountiful this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm commit this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm consecrate this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm hand this player cautious recommendation . 
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to expend.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to usance.
1	There is no odor and extremely slow to use.
1	thither is no odor and extremely easy to use.
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I get accessing and transfering files to find it to be passing SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to observe it to be extremely tardily .
0	 I started accessing and transpose files to find it to be extremely dumb .
0	 one started accessing and channelize files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i arrest to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i bewilder to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i draw to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i grow to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't deficiency to be a sensationalist but this estimator is incredible .
1	 I do n't desire to be a sensationalist but this reckoner is incredible .
1	 iodin do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is unbelievable .
1	 iodine do n't wishing to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of followup and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of retrospect and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and cost .
1	 Purchased this token because of reviews and price .
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a match of weeks ago , and so FAR it has been first-class . 
1	corrupt the 30gb xtra a copulate of hebdomad ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	corrupt the 30gb xtra a mates of weeks ago , and so far it has been first-class . 
1	purchase the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so Interahamwe it has been first-class . 
