1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very well-to-do to habituate.
1	There is no odor and it is very well-heeled to purpose.
1	There is to odor and it is very easy no use.
1	There is odor and it is very easy use.
1	There is odor no and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it rattling is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very to.
1	There is easily no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last longer excessively too ! ) 
1	( batteries too longer last ! ) 
1	( batteries net longer too ! ) 
1	( shelling last longer too ! ) 
1	( last batteries longer too ! ) 
1	( barrage batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( batteries last too ! ) 
1	( batteries longer too ! ) 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad deliver zen lock-up several times . 
0	i 'several also had the nomad zen lock-up ve times . 
0	i 've besides had the nomad zen lock-up several clock . 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several acid times . 
0	've also had the nomad zen lock-up times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad several times . 
0	i 've also had zen nomad the lock-up several times . 
0	i 've also had the nomad dose lock-up several sentence . 
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is gravid .
1	 The Cube Audio is great .
1	 The Audio Cube great .
1	 The is Cube Audio great .
1	 nifty The Audio Cube is great .
1	 The Audio dice Cube is great .
1	 The Audio Cube is big .
1	 The Cube is great .
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using mediasource nickelodeon to load your songs to the nomad determine jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using exist mediasource to load your songs easy to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found utilise mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much light and firm than use windows explorer . 
1	i found using to mediasource load your songs the to nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much faster than using explorer . 
1	your found using mediasource to load i songs to the nomad jukebox to and much easier be faster than using windows explorer . 
1	i found using to load your the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster using windows explorer . 
1	i launch using mediasource to load your strain to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and dissolute than using Windows explorer . 
1	I love this product!
1	ane love this product!
1	I this love product!
1	I product this love!
1	I bonk this product!
1	I this product!
1	I love jazz this product!
1	intersection I love this product!
1	love this product!
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are loyal and easier than in prior versions, and I retrieve the carte to be practically more navigable.
1	These and are faster tasks easier be in prior versions, and I found the menu to than much more navigable.
1	These tasks are I and easier than in prior be, and faster found the menu to versions much more navigable.
1	These undertaking are dissipated and easier than in prior versions, and iodin ascertain the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found debauched the menu to be much more anterior navigable.
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in versions, and I the menu to more navigable.
1	These tasks are faster tax and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more ane navigable.
1	tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to much.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge a, only or router stationary as table mounted router.
0	I no longer use as a plunge router, only stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer use it as a lonesome plunge router, only as a stationary or table adenine mounted router.
0	unity no longer utilise it as a immerse router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no yearner exercise it as a immerse router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer it use as or plunge router, only as a stationary a table mounted router.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only remit as a stationary or Oregon table mounted router.
0	I no longer use as a router, only as a stationary or table mounted.
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds suction suck ! 
0	but the earbuds suction ! 
0	but earbuds the suck ! 
0	but the earbuds ! 
0	but the suck earbuds ! 
0	the earbuds suck ! 
0	absorb but the earbuds suck ! 
0	but the earbuds lactate ! 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	become A decent peice of hardware with great speed (now I get the same speeds as with my prime comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds comp as with my comp race connected directly to the modem)  and good signal comprehensive quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with the my (I get great same speeds as with speed comp connected directly to the modem)  signal good and quality. 
1	angstrom decent peice of hardware with great amphetamine (I contract the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and thoroughly indicate quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great race (I produce the same speeds as with my comp link directly to the modem)  and beneficial signalise quality. 
1	decent peice of with great speed (I get the same speeds with my comp connected directly to modem)  and good quality. 
1	A decent peice of hardware great speed (I get the speeds as with my comp directly the modem)  and signal quality. 
1	with decent peice of hardware A great speed (I get the same signal to with my comp connected directly as the modem)  and good speeds quality. 
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of damage reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of retrospect and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reexamine and price .
1	 Purchased this item because reviews and price .
1	 Purchased this item because of and reviews price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and revue price .
1	 and this item because of reviews Purchased price .
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and .
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the wheel was a nice idea to less clutter , the button would get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , OR but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep go scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the wheel scroll or a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck was keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the the wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but scroll keep would sometimes get stuck or button scrolling . 
0	scroll clitoris - the ringlet wheel was a nice idea to keep less smother , but the button would sometimes get stick or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a Nice idea to keep less fuddle , but the button would sometimes begin amaze or keep scrolling . 
0	scroll button - the was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the would sometimes get or keep scrolling . 
0	gyre scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep restrain less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	AN What an upgrade!!!
1	What raise an upgrade!!!
1	What upgrade an!!!
1	What an!!!
1	What an elevate!!!
1	an upgrade!!!
1	upgrade an What!!!
1	What an promote!!!
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , create playlists from the computer can be perplex because the cross are list individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are unionised in alphabetical rate . 
0	finally , making playlists from can be because the tracks are listed , and are organized cd , which are not but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	coordinate finally , making playlists from the equal computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are unionize organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because organized tracks are which individually , and are the but cd , listed are not listed by are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , are , not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	finally , making playlists from not computer can be complicated because individually tracks are listed the , and are organized by cd , which are the listed but are organized in order alphabetical . 
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the exist tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which organize are defecate not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	lastly , build playlists from the computer can be complicated because the runway are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not number but are coordinate in alphabetical lodge . 
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically miscarry , the first time it happened one sent it in for warrantee repair .
0	 backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened sent it in for warranty .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent go it in for warranty single repair .
0	 start The backlight will periodically fail , the first sporadically time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight fail , the first time it I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight first sent fail , the will time it happened I periodically it in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the it time it happened first sent I in for warranty repair .
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first meter it happened I sent it in for warrant indemnify .
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	it; you won't regret it.     
1	But you; it won't regret it.     
1	But it; regret won't you it.     
1	But it; you won't rue it.     
1	But it; you won't ruefulness it.     
1	But sorrow it; you won't regret it.     
1	But it; won't regret it.     
1	But it; you won't regret just it.     
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	besides, you have to enjoyment it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  merely iTunes is about as undecomposed as anything. 
1	Also, you is to use it with have - or they'll iTunes, dammit!  But sue iTunes about as good as anything. 
1	Also, you with to use But have iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  it iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	Also, have to use it with iTunes - or sue,!  But iTunes is about as good as. 
1	Also, you purpose have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as serious good as anything. 
1	amp Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, safe dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	too, you have to habituate it with iTunes - or they'll action, dammit!  But iTunes is about as honorable as anything. 
1	Also, you have to use with iTunes - sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as. 
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to house noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever number to my house and detect 'diaper odor.'
1	one has ever come to house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	and one has ever come to my house No noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my nobelium house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has and come to my house ever noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ace ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one has ever come to my domiciliate and detect 'diaper odor.'
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 face and feels nice.
1	6600 looks nice feels and.
1	6600 front and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and feels feeling nice.
1	palpate 6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 feels and looks nice.
1	looks and feels nice.
1	6600 and feels nice.
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	lasted treat the battery well and it has i . 
1	i treat the battery well and it lasted . 
1	i the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery well has it and lasted . 
1	i treat the goody battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i plow the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat IT the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	i treat the battery fountainhead and it has lasted . 
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	the life is amazing . 
1	the battery life flummox is amazing . 
1	battery the life is amazing . 
1	life battery the is amazing . 
1	the battery life is nonplus . 
1	battery life is amazing . 
1	the battery lifetime is amazing . 
1	the battery life is lifetime amazing . 
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When downloads features expandability (you via computer), the numerous consider, two transmission programs and multiple storage that, dependability - this is a phone devices isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When consider expandability (downloads via computer), the, two programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to.
0	When you reposition consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, dependableness two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - repositing this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and storage, - this is a that isn't to out-grow.
0	When you consider angstrom expandability (downloads program via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that figurer isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you reckon expandability (download via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple entrepot devices, dependableness - this is a phone that isn't well-off to out-grow.
0	When a consider expandability (downloads dependability you), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, via - this is computer phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When you deal expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission broadcast and multiple repositing device, dependability - this is a phone that isn't well-fixed to out-grow.
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just single learn - its not really jade and play at showtime i mean its very confusing to start the plan but ace you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - to not really plug and play at first i mean its start confusing its very the program but one a do it , it will be you breeze . 
0	just con - plug and play at first i mean very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - personify its not really plug and play at first i mean scratch its jade very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and ace play at first i mean its very confusing to unitary start the program but one you do it , it will IT be a breeze . 
0	con - its not really plug and play at i mean its very confusing start the program but one you do it , it will be breeze . 
0	swell just one defraud - its not really plug and play at first i miserly its very puzzling to first the program but one you do it , it will be a air . 
0	well just one a - the not really plug and breeze at first i mean its very confusing to start play program but one you do it , it will be con its . 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has wrong for such a can price -- how great you go it ? 
1	and amazon.com price it for such a great has -- you can how go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it for such a neat damage -- how can you last wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has incorrect it for such a great price -- how can you toll go wrong ? 
1	and virago.com has it for such a slap-up cost -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	and amazon.keen com has it for such a great price -- how can you go smashing wrong ? 
1	and amazon.com has it such a great price -- can go wrong ? 
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	short, the Nokia 6600 is evolution but not a revolution.
1	In short, the Nokia A 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In little, the Nokia 6600 is an phylogenesis but not a revolution.
1	In short, 6600 Nokia the is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In revolution, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a short.
1	In curtly, the Nokia 6600 is an phylogenesis but not a revolution.
1	phylogeny In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	short, Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't a up take lot of space , play they but as they as you want them to , and loud have great quality .
1	 The speakers are small , they wo n't take up lot of , but they play as loud as you them to , and they have great .
1	 The speakers are pretty want , so they wo n't take up a lot play space , but they of as loud as you small to them , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , only but they play as loud as you want them to , and they sport have cheap great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't make up a stack of space , but they flirt as gimcrack as you want them to , and they have cracking timber .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't read up a pile of quad , but they gambol as cheap as you need them to , and they have great quality .
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up forte a lot of space , but lack they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great outstanding quality .
1	 The speakers pretty small , so they wo take a lot of space , but they as loud as you want them , and have great quality .
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being practice everyday and I have had none of the problems cover by other reviewer (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used day-after-day and unity have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone doodly-squat, histrion locking up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and I have had of the problems reported reviewers (headphone, player locking up, etc). 
1	accept It's engage being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	be It's casual being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	It's being jack locking and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone used, player daily up, etc). 
1	It's being used daily and etc have had none of the problems reported by other jack (headphone reviewers, player locking up, I). 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of problems reported by reviewers ( jack, player locking, etc). 
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and quality video is ok.
1	and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video timbre is ok.
1	Picture and okeh video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video ok is quality.
1	Picture and video quality is OK.
1	show Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Picture and video is ok.
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then register sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is well-heeled as pie . 
1	then sorting the files easy as pie . 
1	sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is class easy as pie . 
1	then is the files sorting easy as pie . 
1	then sorting easy files is the as pie . 
1	then sorting the files is promiscuous as pie . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this was working fine for the 1st and a half and then color signal disappeared . 
0	a unit was working fine for the 1st month and disappeared half and then the color signal this . 
0	this unit was working fine for the month 1st and a half and then disappeared color signal the . 
0	amp this unit vanish was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and whole a half and vanish then the color signal disappeared . 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month half and then the color disappeared . 
0	this unit was forge hunky-dory for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal vanish . 
0	this unit was process exquisitely for the 1st month and a half and then the color point disappeared . 
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then a certain level trouble involved.
0	can You upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain sure level of trouble involved.
0	You can of but then there's a certain level upgrade trouble involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain point of distract involved.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain stage of difficulty involved.
0	You can upgrade but there's a certain level of involved.
0	advance You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is better documentation necessarily for how to set different up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product needs is better documentation for to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING!
0	What up product really needs how better documentation for is to set this the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	set this product really needs is better for for how to What up the router documentation DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really indigence is salutary documentation for how to coiffure up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for congeal how to set up upwards the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	What this product really is better documentation how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING!
0	What this merchandise really needs is skillful documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING arrangement!
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall take this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the comfortably phone i have ever own . 
1	overall this is the have phone i best ever owned . 
1	overall this is the best phone ever owned . 
1	always overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	overall this is the dependable phone i have always owned . 
1	overall is the phone i have ever owned . 
1	this overall is the best phone i have ever owned . 
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of proctor 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have back already been returned recompense for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In 6 or so months since we purchased our batch 30-40 of these monitors , have already been returned for repair .
0	 Second gripe : returned the 6 or our months since we have so batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 purchased already been In for repair or replacement .
0	 so gripe : In the 6 or Second repair since of purchased our batch we 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for months or replacement .
0	 indorse gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our wad of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been rejoin for revivify or refilling .
0	 Second gripe : In 6 months we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	 arcsecond gripe : In the 6 or so month since we purchased our stack of 30-40 of these monitors , ii have already been rejoin for repair or replacement .
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of give 30-40 of give these monitors , 2 have already been returned for thence repair or replacement .
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource, intending to its CD burning functions, it totally out. 
0	After installation, the very first time upwards I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning sentence and ripping functions, it after totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource, intending use its CD burning and, it totally shorted. 
0	After installation, the very commencement time single booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to usance its CD cauterise and ripping use, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the very beginning time single reboot up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to expend its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally short-circuit out. 
0	After up, the the first time I booted installation very Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to burning its CD use and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	use installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource to, intending Organizer After CD its burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, occasion the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, IT intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it afterwards totally shorted out. 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very indestructible , bundle bundle , and i determine nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact trustfulness package , and i perdurable find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact adenine package , and i find nikon to be a marque brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is a very durable , bundle package , and i discover nikon to be a stigma that i can trustfulness . 
1	the 4300 is a durable , compact package , and find nikon to be a that i can . 
1	the is very durable , compact package , find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is package and durable , compact a , very i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	the 4300 is very a durable , compact package , and i find a to be nikon brand that i can trust . 
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i brought it for my sister in college loves it ! 
1	i brought it my in college and she loves it ! 
1	i in it for my sister brought college and she loves it ! 
1	i contribute it for my sister in college and she bonk it ! 
1	i brought it unity for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	i take it for my sister in college and she passion it ! 
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she beloved loves it ! 
1	i it brought for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 constitute They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , hardy or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They disturb are very sturdy , and have no trouble No balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are handling or , and have no trouble balance wise , sturdy very oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , have no balance wise , handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , have no trouble balance wise , or oddly shaped .
1	 They are balance trouble , and have no sturdy very wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no disquiet remainder wise , or handling oddly molded speakers .
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble symmetricalness wise , or treat oddly shaped verbalizer .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA slender monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen Slim ULTRA monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	 monitor up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim Thuumbs .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim proctor .
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim ultra monitor .
1	 Thuumbs up ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only nonaged nits i have with the camera are it is jolly boxy looking , it penury a wrist strap instead of a neck whip , and it is a minute tiresome between shots . 
0	the only tike nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy face , it involve a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a flake dumb between dig . 
0	the only minor nits i are with bit camera have it is neck boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a fairly strap , and it is a the slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have the camera are it fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist instead of a neck , and it is a between shots . 
0	strap only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist the instead neck a of strap , and it is a shots slow between bit . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and tardily it nestling is reckon a bit slow between shots . 
0	indigence the only minor nits i have with the camera carpus are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist entirely strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are fairly boxy looking , it a strap instead of a neck , and it is a bit between shots . 
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router formerly does hence drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	 the drop does once every router in a while , but not like This old router did every hour or so !
0	 This router does dismiss every once in a while , but not comparable the older router did every minute or so !
0	 This router while drop every once in a does , but not like or old router did every hour the so !
0	 This router does discharge every once in a while , but not comparable the onetime router did every hr or so !
0	 router drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour !
0	 This router drop every once in a while , not like the router every hour or so !
0	 This router does drop every once in merely a while , but not like same the old router did every hour or so !
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	First quaternity months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smack any odour.
1	First 4 months it was in our and we did not even smell.
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and odor did any even smell not we.
1	First IT 4 months it quartet was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	First months it in our bedroom and we did not smell any odor.
1	initiatory 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not flush tone any odor.
1	First 4 months it was smell our any and we did not even in bedroom odor.
1	scent First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did odour not even smell any odor.
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection very simple things like WALLS in our house block the everything so link is and slow.  
0	It invariably neglect the internet connexion and simple things like wall in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly drops the really internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house real block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	constantly drops the internet connection simple things like in our house block link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly omit the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house closure the tie-in so everything is very boring.  
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is sol very IT slow.  
0	constantly drops the internet connection and things like WALLS in our house block the link so is slow.  
0	It constantly drops the WALLS house and simple things like internet in our connection block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You obviously need to repair new hire technicians because the ones that are in the doing center guys have no idea what they are repair .
0	 You guys need to new technicians because the that in the repair center obviously have no what they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because inwards the ones that pith are in inward the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new technicians center because the ones that are in the repair repair idea have no obviously what they are doing .
0	 You cat ask to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the resort essence evidently have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You cat pauperization to engage new repair technicians because the ones that are in the reparation midway obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	 You come guys need to hire new repair technicians because the mind ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they postulate are doing .
0	 You guys need to hire new repair the ones that are in the repair obviously have idea they are doing .
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is too nice, and the colors are very. 
1	Pros The blueprint is very nice, and the emblazon are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, professional and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the pro colors are too. 
1	Pros The is very nice, and the are too. 
1	Pros very Design is The nice, and the colors are too. 
1	pro The Design is very courteous, and the colors are too. 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool blind - why not usance it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a why screen - cool not use it . 
0	2 ) - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no games - it has stake a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	no ) 2 games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	) no - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no gage - it has a cool screen - why not practice it . 
0	2 ) no games - IT it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also comes AN with a USB cable, an AC adapter, angstrom a pair of headphones (they're A okay until you get a better pair), a tinct stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	adenine The package also comes with a USB cable, an couple AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until disturb you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry mate your Zen Touch in.  
1	package also comes with a, an AC, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), stand, and microfiber pouch carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, adapter, a pair of (they're okay until you get a better), a, and a pouch carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you convey a punter couplet), a fend, and a microfiber pouch to channel your acid touching in.  
1	The package cable comes with a USB they're, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (also okay until you get a better pair), a stand, to a microfiber pouch and carry your in Touch Zen.  
1	The package also do with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a yoke of phone (they're fine until you fetch a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to persuade your Elvis Touch in.  
1	The package also comes better a USB cable, an AC adapter, a of pair pair (they're okay until you get a with headphones), a stand, and a microfiber carry to pouch your Zen Touch in.  
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	heights High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video and delineation rock!
1	High quality video and film rock!
1	and quality video High pictures rock!
1	High quality video rock pictures and!
1	High quality video pictures rock!
1	High quality video and pictures picture rock!
1	quality video and pictures rock!
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper has yet to be invented, Champ is a good as it.
1	While the perfect ordor free invented pail has yet to it diaper, the Diaper Champ is a good as be gets.
1	champion While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a equal good as it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor come free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a equal good as it gets.
1	While the perfect ordor free be pail has yet to diaper invented, the Diaper Champ a is good as it gets.
1	the perfect ordor free diaper yet be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	While the sodding ordor complimentary diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a dependable as it obtain.
1	While the perfective ordor liberate diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a honorable as it drive.
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you conceive are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are adenine right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think and are saving $than getting the worth, you are right, you you are also getting a router Hitachi $40 less 40 a Makita.
0	If think you $40 the, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, angstrom and you are also getting a A router worth $40 less angstrom than a Makita.
0	If you conceive you are save $40 commence the Hitachi, you are veracious, and you are also baffle a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If are think you you saving $Makita getting the Hitachi, you 40 right, and you are also getting a router worth $are less than a 40.
0	If you think you are saving $ getting the Hitachi, you are right, you are a router worth $40 less a Makita.
0	If you think you are relieve $40 bring the Hitachi, you are correctly, and you are also dumbfound a router worth $twoscore less than a Makita.
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only originative thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing cd creative is a from burner . 
0	thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from matter creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from originative is a cd burner . 
0	only affair missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	only thing missing from creative a cd burner . 
0	missing thing only from creative is a cd burner . 
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,worth 3 will this product rebates cost me nothing! it is indeed with nothing.
1	Luckly,with rebates this product will cost me nothing! it worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost Maine me nothing! it is ternion indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will toll me nothing! it is indeed Worth nix.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this ME product will Maine cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with is rebates this product will cost me nothing! it nothing indeed worth 3.
1	Luckly,with 3 this product cost nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckly,with trinity rebates this product will cost me zip! it is indeed worth cipher.
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router 0 % of time .
0	 However , on this new router worked 0 % of time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked nought % of the meter .
0	 this , SharePort on However new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % cipher of the time .
0	 However , SharePort on this New router influence 0 % of the time .
0	 on , SharePort However this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	 However , clock SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this telephone has a very cool and useful have -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- speakerphone the . 
1	this earphone has a very chill and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a assuredness very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very feature and useful cool -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very cool and angstrom useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a cool and feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	this phone has a very cool feature -- the speakerphone . 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning peculiarly you have to restart the phone if ingest you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you bluetooth to restart the phone if you want to have work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the call phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the ring if you wish bluetooth to ferment again.
0	Especially the bluetooth... Meaning you have restart phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning restart have to you work phone if you want bluetooth to the again.
0	particularly the bluetooth server... entail you have to restart the phone if you deprivation bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the bluetooth... you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work.
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So I back out the battery and put it took in find, only to again that it would not work.  
0	So out the battery and put it back in again, only find it would not work.  
0	So I took out it battery and put it again in back, only to find that the would not work.  
0	So I took out the battery and deal put it back in again, only to find that rearwards it would not work.  
0	So I IT took out the battery and put it back in shelling again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So ane ask out the battery and cast it rear in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So I took out the battery put it back again, to find that would not work.  
0	So I fill out the battery and cast it hind in again, only to find that it would not exploit.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So Service. Customer 1 - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 6 1. Customer Service - So-So calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. client Service - 6 telephone Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Service - 6 calls Half were other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 telephone Half were efficient other half were as incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half six were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient effective other half were equally incompetent.  
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 Half were efficient other half were incompetent.  
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy corrupt this or upgrade.
0	So, DON'T promote buy this or upgrade.
0	, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	or, DON'T buy this So upgrade.
0	So, DON'T buy this upgrade.
0	therefore, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	buy, DON'T So this or upgrade.
0	thusly, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i recommend disappointed and would not am this product . 
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not advocate this merchandise . 
0	because of this , i am non disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i foiled am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	because this , i am disappointed and would recommend this product . 
0	because of this , i product disappointed and would not recommend this am . 
0	because of this , i am and would not recommend this . 
0	because of this , i am foiled and would not advocate this product . 
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it Raizer a Router with and it works much better.
0	iodine replaced it with a Router Raizer and it employment much better.
0	I replaced it Router a with Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works substitute much better.
0	1 replaced it with a Router Raizer and it exercise much better.
0	I replaced it a Raizer and it works much better.
0	I replaced it with a Raizer and it works much.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it lots works much better.
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of means nothing, because of the, serious, stupid and elemenatary design: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, personify because of the zippo serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take dangerous a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all give ridiculously means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid or this elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, able and take a few weeks, you won't be of to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this agency nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ludicrously elemenatary figure fault: After 3 months, feed or hire a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid axerophthol and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take afterward a few weeks, you way won't be able to hear anything. 
0	serious, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, But, stupid flaw ridiculously elemenatary design and: After 3 months, give or take a you weeks, few won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But, all of this signify null, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary intent flaw: After 3 months, give or read a few workweek, you won't be able to discover anything. 
0	But, all of this means, because of the serious,, stupid and ridiculously design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a weeks, you be to hear anything. 
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i No tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i tried No to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	i essay to drama the song three times , with no success . 
0	the tried to play i song three times , with no success . 
0	i essay to play the call three times , with no success . 
0	i to play the song times , with no success . 
0	i tried to success the song three times , with no play . 
0	i tried to the song three times , with success . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... nevertheless . 
0	only 1 , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 no , problem accessories ... yet . 
0	ane only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only 1 yet , no accessories ... problem . 
0	only ane problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	only problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	trouble only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now leave it will not load any disk or just says that disc there is no disk . 
0	now it will not load any disk no there says that just is or disk . 
0	IT now it will not good load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	now disk says not load any it or just will that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not lading any harrow or just order that there is no disk . 
0	now it will not lading any disk or just enounce that there is no disc . 
0	it will not load any or just says that is no disk . 
0	now it will not load any disk or there is no disk . 
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (regular stand by) to days three (mostly use)
1	Im to keep phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular)
1	Im week to keep my phone on for about a able (mostly stand by) days three to (regular use)
1	Im able to sustenance my sound on for about a week (mostly stand by) to 3 days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about A a week (mostly stand along by) to three days (regular use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about bear a week (mostly stand by) to leash three days (regular use)
1	Im able keep my phone on for about week (mostly stand by) to three days ( use)
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly bandstand by) to three days (unconstipated employment)
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	The worthless support is tech too.     
0	The support is worthless too.     
0	The tech support brook is worthless too.     
0	The documentation tech support is worthless too.     
0	The tech endorse is worthless too.     
0	tech The support is worthless too.     
0	The tech abide is worthless too.     
0	The tech support worthless too.     
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , intemperately t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , is heavily back-logged and can ' keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile and heavily back-logged is can 't keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't sustain up with demand . 
0	obviously , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't donjon up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with bathroom demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile t heavily back-logged and can 'is keep up with demands . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily and can 't up with demands . 
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only minor issues have with the are the ( it is very snug and can come off too easily ) the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two tyke consequence i have with the camera are the lens hood ( it is not very close and can arrive off too easily ) and the Lens itself ( it partially stymie the view through the viewfinder but not persuasion through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two small-scale event i have with the camera are the lens chapiter ( it is not very close and can total off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the sentiment through the finder but not regard through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor issues i easily with the camera are the lens cap ( it is the very viewfinder and can come off too have ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the through view the snug but not views through not lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the deuce lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and II the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through sight the viewfinder but blockade not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor i have with camera are the cap ( it is not snug and can come off easily ) and lens itself ( it partially view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor emerge issues i have with the camera are the lens non cap ( it is not Lens very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( number it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	the only two minor the i have easily the camera lens the are cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too with ) not issues lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but and views through the lcd ) . 
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on phone this.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this rattling phone.
1	I have really enjoyed camera on this phone.
1	I have really love the camera on this phone.
1	savour I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I have really this the camera on enjoyed phone.
1	I have really revel the camera on this phone.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this.
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can citizenry store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say masses you have an ipod , do practically n't bother , this WHO is a much better buy . 
1	also , you can memory data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who privation to bargain an ipod just to state you have an iPod , do n't rile , this is a much right buy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a positive. for all you citizenry who desire to purchase an ipod just to aver you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much expert purchase . 
1	also , you can store data on it , this is a plus. for buy you people who want to buy a ipod just to say you have an ipod , much n't bother , which is an do better all . 
1	also , can store data on , which is plus. for all you people who want to buy ipod say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this a much better buy . 
1	also , you can store data on it , which n't a plus. buy all you people who want have buy an ipod just to say you to an ipod , do is a , this is bother much better for . 
1	also , you can WHO store data on it , which is a plus. for all you adenine people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this iPod is a much better upright buy . 
1	also , can store on it , which is a plus. for all people who want to buy an ipod just to you an , do n't bother , this is much better buy . 
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 felt system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was obtuse so I purchased a 4gb jampack from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that fall with the organisation .
0	 I felt the system system slow and I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell so replaced the standard 2gb that came with the was .
0	 felt the system was slow so I purchased a ram from crucell replaced the standard 2gb came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was obtuse so ace purchased a 4gb jam from crucell and replaced the received 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was experience slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard therefore 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the system was slow so thus I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the matte standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	 I felt the replaced was slow so I purchased with 4gb ram from a and system the standard 2gb that came crucell the system .
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software tried nokia suite does not work my some versions of i as xp support to connect with phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc support does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to my phone via port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc along software support nokia suite does not work with As some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via around infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software tolerate nokia suite does not work with some version of xp as i prove to connect my earphone via infrared interface on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared cortege port along on non my laptop . 
0	regarding as software support nokia to does not work with some versions of connect pc i tried suite xp my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software digest nokia suite does not cultivate with some rendering of xp as i adjudicate to join my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	regarding pc software suite does not with some versions xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on laptop . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	transfer and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player implausibly is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb II.0 , transplant music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.incredibly , transferring music to your player is 0 easy . 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your is easy . 
1	with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player incredibly easy . 
1	and with transferring 2.0 , usb music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	and with usb 2.cypher , transferring music to your player is incredibly tardily . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard guide . 
1	owner 's troubleshooting has substandard manual guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard southward troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting scout . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting . 
1	second owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting lead . 
1	owner 's manual guide substandard troubleshooting has . 
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend to product this anyone . 
1	i ware would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this production to anyone . 
1	would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this merchandise to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i would recommend this product to . 
1	i would recommend this product anyone to . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no assist . 
0	tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust servicing , no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , assist no help . 
0	i tried called apex cust service , no assistant help . 
0	i apex called tried cust service , no help . 
0	tried i called apex cust service , no help . 
0	i tried called cust service , no help . 
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have found many bugs Norton Internet Professional to it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	extreme in found too many bugs have Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without I patience and experience.
0	I Professional found too many bugs in Norton experience Security have to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and Internet.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security uttermost Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme protection patience and experience.
0	I Indiana have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional unrivalled to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I have too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional recommend it to any one without and experience.
0	I have notice too many bugs in Norton cyberspace Security Professional to recommend it to any ace without extreme patience and receive.
0	I have discover too many beleaguer in Norton cyberspace Security Professional to recommend it to any unitary without extreme patience and experience.
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned seniority about is the quality / longevity matter of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only matter i 'm relate about is the timbre / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about the quality / the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only matter i 'm relate about is the calibre / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	the only thing ' concerned about is the quality / longevity of buttons on the thing . 
0	the be only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons relate on the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'about concerned m is the quality / longevity of the on buttons the thing . 
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is quality the / longevity the the buttons on of thing . 
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It during and had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	install locked during It and I GRRRRRR to reformat the drive and start from scratch (had!)
0	It locked install and I had to reformat the and start scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during instal and I had to reformat the drive and get from gelt (GRRRRRR!)
0	It the during install and I reformat to had locked drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	establish It locked during install and I had instal to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during IT install and I had to reformat stimulate the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the repulse and outset from scar (GRRRRRR!)
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a as it is FREAKIN' EASY manufacture a device with batteries!!
0	  This was FREAKIN' a conspiracy as it with obviously EASY to manufacture a device is replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was evidently a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' slow to manufacture a device with replaceable battery!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' angstrom EASY to fabricate manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is plainly FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable ampere batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' well-off to construct a gimmick with replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY manufacture device replaceable batteries!!
0	  This was is replaceable conspiracy as it obviously FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with a batteries!!
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound not loud when i play back the video clips on camera. 
0	the reasoned is not meretricious enough when i play back the video snip on the camera. 
0	drama the sound is not loud ace enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when back video i the play clips on the camera. 
0	the is not loud enough i play back the video clips on the. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back clips camera the on the video. 
0	the profound is not trashy enough when i playact back the video clips on the camera. 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back comprise the voice video clips on the camera. 
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how did this ever hold it out of lineament control . 
0	and the , how did this ever make it out of quality . 
0	and the case , behave how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	the and case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the face , how did this ever cause it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how set did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , how this did ever make it out of quality control . 
0	and the case , did this ever it out of quality control . 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  ingest I not needed something with a tad bit more place, I consider this player just game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with study a tad bit place more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I this game. 
0	Verdict:  Had I not consider something with a tad bit more fair, I needed this player space game. 
0	Verdict:  Had not needed something a tad bit more space, I consider this fair game. 
0	Verdict:  regard Had amp I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  let I not necessitate something with a tad mo more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict:  space I not needed player with a tad bit more Had, I consider this something fair game. 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems work if 're about feet away from the player , although that may have been just batteries came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five aside feet exclusively away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries IT that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if ' about five feet away from the player , that may have been just the batteries that with . 
0	in accession , it only seems to influence if you 're about five feet out from the player , although that May have been just the batteries that get with it . 
0	in addition , you only seems to work feet it 're about five if away from the may , although that player have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	in add-on , it only seems to work if you 're about fin ft away from the actor , although that may have been just the batteries that fare with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if from 're about been feet away you the batteries , although that may have five just the player that came with it . 
0	in addition , it only seems to work if hail you 're about five feet away from hardly the player , roughly although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	The price is $... more.
0	The terms is $... more.
0	The cost price is $... more.
0	The price personify is $... more.
0	is price The $... more.
0	The Price is $... more.
0	The price is $....
0	The price $... more.
0	more price is $... The.
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven battery animation . 
0	it also life unproven battery has . 
0	it also unproven has battery life . 
0	it bear also has unproven battery life . 
0	it also has unproven battery biography . 
0	it also has unproven battery too life . 
0	it also has battery life . 
0	it has unproven battery life . 
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures withdraw with excelent resolution
1	Take quick with excelent resolution
1	withdraw quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures with excelent 
1	quick Take pictures with excelent resolution
1	Take quick pictures visualize with excelent resolution
1	Take quick resolution with excelent pictures
1	carry quick pictures with excelent resolution
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highs to but 2004 edition, the mostly lows.
0	there are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly Low.
0	There the some highs to are 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There some highs to the 2004 edition, mostly lows.
0	There are some highs to the approximately 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	There are some highschool to the 2004 edition, but generally lows.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, mostly.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but high mostly lows.
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The barrage is too convenient, but could have been advantageously, such as the superman Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery also convenient, but could have been, such as the Zen battery (but at least this is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, such could have been better, but this the as Touch's battery (but at least Zen one is removable).    
1	merely The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one equally is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, comprise such as the Zen Touch's battery (equally but at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been, such as Zen Touch's battery (but at least this removable).    
1	The battery also is convenient, but could but been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (have at least this one is removable).    
1	The battery is likewise convenient, but could have been expert, such as the acid Touch's battery (but at least this unrivaled is removable).    
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player participant is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that number with the player is slowly to use. 
1	The ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is slowly to enjoyment. 
1	The software ripping/transfering file that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file cost ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player easy use. 
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is to easy use. 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	ii ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for sure-enough downloaded music lodge with miss or incorrect id3 info . 
0	can ) music organization is by on id3 ( based downloaded , artist , album , etc. ) and this 2 be a problem for older genre music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) medicine organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for onetime download music lodge with absent or incorrect id3 information . 
0	) music organization on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded files with missing or id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization or based on id3 ( by genre , artist , id3 , etc. ) files this can be a problem for older downloaded music and with missing is incorrect album information . 
0	) music organization is on id3 ( genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older music files with missing or incorrect id3 . 
0	2 ) entropy music organization is based on ground id3 ( by S genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for along older downloaded angstrom music files with missing or medicine incorrect id3 information . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and for a feature-loaded , high , size camera , i gravitated to this little gem because the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive for a feature-loaded , high , travel camera , initially gravitated to this little gem because of the picture quality 4 pixel . 
1	feature-loaded initially lengthy and extensive journey for a after , this performance , travel size camera , i a gravitated to high little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	gemstone after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the jewel superior picture quality prolonged 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , gamy performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this lilliputian gem because of the superscript flick choice IV mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive travel for a feature-loaded , luxuriously operation , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this picayune gem because of the Superior picture quality quaternity mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy quality performance journey for size feature-loaded , high extensive , travel a camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture and 4 mega pixel . 
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for sizing a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated angstrom to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 size mega pixel . 
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	To install that version you have to windowpane uninstall OR from the window registery OR anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	be install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything to Nortron or Symantec,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has called To deleted.
0	To install that adaptation you have to uninstall from the window registery anything predict Symantec or Nortron,... too from the mutual register in the program folder the symantec leaflet has to be deleted.
0	To install that reading you have to uninstall from the window registery anything predict Symantec or Nortron,... too from the green charge in the program folder the symantec brochure has to be deleted.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window anything called Symantec or Nortron,... from the files in the program folder the symantec to be.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... brochure also from the suffer common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to booklet be deleted.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from registery anything called Symantec or,... from the common files in the folder the symantec folder to be deleted.
0	that install To in you have to folder from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files version the program folder the symantec uninstall has to be deleted.
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice tight) *we use our regular trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular trash kitchen bags--cheap!
1	(slopped we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we twine them nice and pixilated) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap we nice and tight) *them use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our soaked regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(we wrap them courteous and tight) *we enjoyment our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	(wrap them nice and tight) * use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the decent program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install properly experience been a living hell has . 
0	amaze the curriculum to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	getting the program to install a has been properly living hell experience . 
0	convey the program to install properly has been a dwell hell experience . 
0	getting the to install properly has a living hell experience . 
0	getting the gravel program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	space sound is bright and clear, the ability to The any the (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to use make of MP3's storage store and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The audio is bright and unclutter, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is large, and I plan to pretend use of the storehouse space and well-grounded tape from time to time.    
1	sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's ( not Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the space sound from to time.    
1	The sound give is bright and clear, lodge the ability to clip store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and brilliantly I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright and, the ability to store MP3's (and not Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan make use of the storage sound recording from to time.    
1	shop The sound is bright and clear, the ability non to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, gain and I plan to make use of the storehouse storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	The sound is bright and authorize, the ability to storehouse any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is expectant, and I plan to urinate use of the depot space and legal recording from meter to time.    
1	the Apple-approved is sound and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and and just sound files) is great, not I plan to make use of The storage space and bright recording from time to time.    
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by it UNREPLACABLE MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he past made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH throw BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve line is a curve individual and he prepare indisputable that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure feed that he ruined this device ruin by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a flex individual and he piddle sure that he ruined this twist by render it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs an a twisted individual and he made sure that BATTERY ruined this device by giving it is UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH he. 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure he ruined this by giving it an UNREPLACABLE BATTERY. 
0	Because Steve Jobs it a twisted individual and by made sure that he ruined this device he giving is an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a of a smell when you the handle, but it is gone.
0	Yes, you may cover get a whiff of a smell yes when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get of a smell when flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get of whiff a a smell when you flip gone handle, but then it is the.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell cause when you flip the stimulate handle, but then it is gone.
0	yes, you may commence a whiff of a spirit when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a aroma when you riff the handle, but then it is start.
0	Yes, you may but a whiff of a flip when you smell the handle, get then it is gone.
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't deprivation to be a sensationalist but this reckoner is incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be this sensationalist but a computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is cost incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be sensationalist this computer is incredible .
1	 I is n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer do incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be sensationalist but computer is incredible .
1	 I do n't want to be angstrom a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	 unity do n't deficiency to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heft of the car.
1	I did of the heft like the machine.
1	act I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the ace heft of the machine.
1	I did like the of the machine.
1	I did like the heft machine the of.
1	I did like heft of the machine.
1	I did comparable the heft of the machine.
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The cover of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the unmortgaged whiten coating.  
1	The back of the player inside nice too, with ripples water is the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is squeamish too, with urine ripples inside the assoil white coating.  
1	player back of inside The is nice too, with water ripples the the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear babble white weewee coating.  
1	The back of the is nice too, with water ripples inside the coating.  
1	The bubble back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear clean white coating.  
1	The back of the player nice too, with water ripples inside the coating.  
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarker for example , are an excellent boast ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks excellent example , are an for feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... lineament but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks example , are excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	bookmarks example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this .. . 
0	bookmarks player example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this for .. . 
0	bookmarker for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this instrumentalist .. . 
0	bookmarks for example , represent are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any purpose song / playlist toilet etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly got to use etc the interface any can find and song / playlist to fast enough . 
1	i quickly to use the interface and can any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly arrest to consumption to the interface and can recover any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly can to use the to interface and got find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and whatsoever can find detect any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	quickly got to use to the interface can find any song / etc fast enough . 
1	i quick take to use to the interface and can notice any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	erstwhile again it won't reinstall, fifty-fifty with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	erst again it won't reinstall, flush with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, assistance with online and email even from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with and email assistance from Symantect.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with from and email assistance online Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance technician from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again won't reinstall, with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again it won't eve reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is horrendous, and even at top volumes, the bass is bland sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat fearsome sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and regular at top volumes, the bass is savorless sounding. 
0	The is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass flat sounding. 
0	The eq is, and at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, flat bass is the sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and flat at top volumes, the bass is even sounding. 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, At the bass is flat sounding. 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ennead ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a 9 weighty ( little ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ... no biggie ) , but otherwise . 
0	a little grave ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise mulct . 
0	a small weighty ( nine ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but fine otherwise . 
0	a heavy little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	in-program id3 tag is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is point strong a , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 trail editing is a strong channelise , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a inviolable head , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing adenine is a strong point , as well . 
1	the in-program id3 tag editing well a strong point , as is . 
1	steer the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 'angstrom s a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a fast inspection . 
1	'm pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a straightaway followup . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my quick so here 's a zx review . 
1	i 'm very pleased zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so a 's here quick review . 
1	i 'immediate m very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found IT that it would only played less than arrange 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would less than 50 % of the dvds i it . 
0	after hooking the thing would , i found that it up only played less than 50 % of the dvds i it in put . 
0	after hooking i thing up , i found that it would only played less of 50 % than the dvds the put in it . 
0	after accost the thing up , i recover that it would only wager less than 50 % of the dvds i couch in it . 
0	after the thing up , i found that it played less than 50 % of dvds i put in it . 
0	after accost the thing up , i witness that it would only diddle less than 50 % of the dvds i lay in it . 
0	after videodisk hooking the thing up , matter i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup operation for the nomad is vexing , and the interface with the thespian is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for nomad is , and the interface with the is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for apparatus the nomad is infuriating , and the port interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process and the nomad is infuriating , for the interface the with player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process appendage for the nomad comprise is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	the setup process for nomad is infuriating , and the interface the player is . 
0	the apparatus action for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the musician is sub-par . 
0	is setup process for the nomad the infuriating , and the interface with is player the sub-par . 
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	don't are a royal pain to install, and They function at once finally installed -- if you can install them properly all.
0	They are a royal pain to, don't function properly once installed -- if you can install them all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you lav can erst install them at all.
0	They are a majestic painfulness to install, and don't occasion properly once finally install -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, establish and don't function properly once finally decent installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a imperial pain to install, and don't part properly once eventually instal -- if you can install them at all.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and properly function don't once finally installed -- if all can install them at you.
0	They are royal pain to install, and don't properly once finally installed -- if you can install all.
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I startle accessing and reassign files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing transfering files to it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering be to find it to files extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering file to witness it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely access SLOW .
0	 I started accessing files transfering and to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	 I started accessing and get transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more actor durable . 
0	a player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	as a portable actor , it should feel a chip more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit look more durable . 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a turn more lasting . 
0	as a portable bit , it should feel a player more durable . 
0	a portable player , it feel a bit more durable . 
0	as more portable player , it should feel a bit a durable . 
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're not that.
0	First of all, I've never been just on earbuds - they're big not that comfortable.
0	first of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that well-to-do.
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - equitable they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, not never been big on earbuds - they're just I've that comfortable.
0	of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're not that comfortable.
0	First of all, altogether I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been braggart on earbuds - they're just not that well-off.
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	 ace conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link America is not as good as that of other brand .
0	 conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link is not as good that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link is as as that of other brands .
0	 adenine I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as As good as that of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the of transceiver D-Link is uses not as good as that Ethernet other brands .
0	 I conclude ethernet that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of utilize other brands .
0	 I as that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link that is not conclude good as uses of other brands .
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link use is not as unspoilt as that of other denounce .
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys liberal was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys one of original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well in was one of the original big players Linksys the router industry.  
1	the Linksys was one of Well original big players in the router industry.  
1	Linksys was one of the original big players in router industry.  
1	substantially Linksys was one of the original cock-a-hoop players in the router industry.  
1	intimately Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	comfortably Linksys was peerless of the original big players in the router industry.  
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad software zen xtra 30 gb is the jukebox . 
0	personify the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main package problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox acid xtra thirty gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox battery-acid xtra 30 gibibyte is the software . 
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem xtra the nomad jukebox zen with 30 gb is the software . 
0	the main problem with nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is software . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm distillery very scotch with some of the properties , but now that I have saved balance settings and know I have to subject up my sound card 's command panel every time I permutation between music and TV or back , the audio is much more acceptable .
0	 I ' still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and I to open up my card 's control panel time I switch between music videos or games , the is acceptable .
0	 I 'm switch and frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I or saved equalizer settings very know I have to open sound my up card 's control panel every time I still between much and videos have games , the sound is music more acceptable .
0	 'm very frustrated with some the properties , that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to up my sound card 's control panel time I switch music and videos games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 surgery I 'm still around very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my More sound card 's control panel every time I heavy switch between spare music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still I frustrated with some of but videos , the now that very have saved equalizer settings music know I open to have up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between and and properties or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of mebibyte the properties , but now betwixt that I have saved equalizer satisfactory settings and know I have to open up my sound card 'More s control wag panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the prop , but now that unity have saved equalizer settings and know one have to open up my levelheaded bill 's control venire every clock I switch between music and video or games , the audio is much more acceptable .
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really is best phone one could have . 
1	and this the best phone one could have . 
1	phone really this is the best and one could have . 
1	and really this is the best phone one could feature have . 
1	and really ring this is the best phone one could have . 
1	and really is this the best phone one could have . 
1	and really this is the outdo phone ace could have . 
1	and very this is the best ring one could have . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i even still havent used it yet , but it equal should be good . 
1	there is an , i still it yet , but it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used withal it yet , IT but it should be good . 
1	an is there alarm , i still havent used it yet , be it should but good . 
1	there is an , i still used it yet , it should be good . 
1	there is an alarm , i tranquillise havent used it even , but it should be thoroughly . 
1	there is an alarm , i even havent utilise it yet , but it should be salutary . 
1	there an is used , i still havent alarm it yet , but it should be good . 
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 have been to there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with publish it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great stark deal of pedagogy information missing .
0	 I have been find that there printed with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I installation find disappointed to been that there is a printed instructions with it , just no crude pictorial instruction of have , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	 I have been defeated to notice that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of facility , which leaves a big deal of information lacking .
0	 I have been discomfited to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a gross pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a keen stack of information pretermit .
0	 I have instructions there deal find that disappointed is no printed been with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great to of information missing .
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed thither instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , peachy which leaves a great IT deal of information missing .
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always good sound quality and this is no . 
1	nokias have had good sound quality this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had dependable sound caliber and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and is this no exception . 
1	nokias have tone always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have always had good well-grounded caliber and this is no exception . 
1	nokias always have had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	nokias have vocalize always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	play wo n't it all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't play all my of movies . 
0	it wo n't shimmer all of my movies . 
0	it n't play all of my movies . 
0	it IT wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't turn all of my movies . 
0	it wo n't play all of my . 
0	it wo altogether n't play all of my movies . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of and the wheel is awkward , but i deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i that deal with can . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is unenviable , but i can muckle with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is ungainly , but i can mountain with that . 
0	kind bulky and the wheel is awkward , but can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is represent awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and the but is awkward , wheel i can deal with that . 
0	kind of bulky and keister the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't anything.
1	I had to do it over, I wouldn't anything else.
1	If I suffer had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If unity had to do it over, 1 wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do wouldn't over, I it buy anything else.
1	If I had to do it I, over wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to concluded do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I had to do it over, ane wouldn't steal anything else.
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to issue setup i thought, and matter i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, i am only 16... all that said, BUY ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its 16 easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only the...all with So that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup affair i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE remember ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the well-fixed thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...soh with all that pronounce, steal THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the soft thing to setup i suppose, and i am only 16...then with all that suppose, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i, and i am 16... with that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Its the THE ROUTER to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So thing all that said, BUY easiest with!!!!     
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two headphone lately (this ace at the new Blackberry phone), and this unity is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually phones two purchased recently (this one at one new Blackberry phone), and this the is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this unmatchable one really at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this telephone one at the new Blackberry peerless phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased phones recently (this at the new Blackberry phone), and this is superior (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased phones recently (this one at the Blackberry phone), this one is far (IMHO).
1	I actually purchased ii telephone recently (this unmatched at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is ALIR superior (IMHO).
1	I is purchased at phones recently (this one two the new Blackberry phone), and this one actually far superior (IMHO).
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be at . 
0	then my dvds the stop all in would middle , or not even be read at playing . 
0	then my DVD would occlusive flirt in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	then my dvds be stop playing in the even , or not middle would read at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not stopover even be read layover at all . 
0	then my dvds would playing in the middle , or even be at all . 
0	then my dvds would stop playacting in the middle , or not fifty-fifty be understand at all . 
0	then my regular dvds would stop playing in the middle , or videodisk not even be read at all . 
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't answer the . 
0	apex does n't respond the phone . 
0	apex the n't answer does phone . 
0	apex does answer the phone . 
0	apex does n't answer the headphone . 
0	answer does n't apex the phone . 
0	apex does n't response answer the phone . 
0	result apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This manikin router has now failed me twice in the shortstop yoke of time mentioned .
0	 This model router mention has now failed me twice in the short span of time inwards mentioned .
0	 router me This has now failed model twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has me in the short span of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now the me twice time failed short span of in mentioned .
0	 This model router has now betray me twice in the dead span of meter mentioned .
0	 This model router now failed me twice the span of time mentioned .
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the sentence short span of time sentence mentioned .
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I visualize many other reviews that say the same....abide by from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many reviews that say the same....stay away from, don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other that say the same....stay from Norton, they don't deserve you, anyone!
0	don't see many other reviews that say from same....stay away the Norton, they I deserve you, or anyone!
0	I the many other don't that say see same....stay away from Norton, they reviews deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from early Norton, they don't deserve former you, or anyone!
0	iodin encounter many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't merit you, or anyone!
0	off I see many other reviews that catch say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice guest throne feature so your visitors can connect separate of HA your primary link .
1	 Also has a nice your feature so your visitors can connect primary of guest separate link .
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so visitors can connect separate of link .
1	 Also has a decent nice guest elemental feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	 Also has a skillful guest feature so your visitors can connect branch of your primary connectedness .
1	 Also has a nice guest so your visitors separate of your primary link .
1	 nice has a your guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of Also primary link .
1	 also has a overnice guest feature so your visitors can connect distinguish of your primary link .
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	formative it is made of plastic . 
0	it is made plastic . 
0	it is IT made of plastic . 
0	of is made it plastic . 
0	it is score of plastic . 
0	is made of plastic . 
0	it is made plastic of . 
0	it is wee of plastic . 
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means take a to collect on the warranty .
0	 i shot that `` limited lifetime warranty '' think it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' it may take a to collect on warranty .
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may substance take a lifetime to collect on one the warranty .
0	 I that guess `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to the on collect warranty .
0	 I guess that collect limited lifetime warranty '' means the may take a lifetime to `` on it warranty .
0	 I guess warrant that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to remove collect on the warranty .
0	 I judge that `` express lifetime warranty '' means it may study a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	internet functions of phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they the menu options would enable you to the to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet option functions of the phone - wap and gprs - selection will only pick work through t-mobile 'selection s services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	southward the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - avail will only work through t-mobile 's Service services , because they have deleted the menu options that erase would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	the internet functions of phone - wap and gprs - will only through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would configure phone be used on a different network . 
0	to internet have of the phone - wap and gprs - different only work through t-mobile 's the , because they functions deleted the menu options that would enable you services configure the phone to be used on a will network . 
0	the internet routine of the ring - wap and gprs - will only exploit through t-mobile 's help , because they have cancel the fare options that would enable you to configure the phone to be expend on a different network . 
0	the internet part of the call - wap and gprs - will only sour through t-mobile 's help , because they have cancel the menu alternative that would enable you to configure the phone to be expend on a different network . 
0	the internet functions of the because - deleted and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 'phone services , phone they have wap the menu options that would enable you to on the s to be used configure a different network . 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little produces, such great pics, even brings ur pimples on face. 
1	ur have a Canon A 70 , and SD500 this now, on amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out I pimples its the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its IT amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, amp it even brings out along ur pimples on the face. 
1	iodin have a Canon A LXX , and now this SD500, its astound, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even fetch out ur pimples on the case. 
1	I have a Canon adenine 70 , and now this SD500, its nonplus, how this little camera get, such heavy pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the grimace. 
1	I have pimple a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, amaze it even brings out ur nerve pimples on the face. 
1	I Canon A , now this SD500, its amazing, how little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	the have a Canon A out , and now this ur, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings 70 SD500 pimples on I face. 
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The an does not have phone Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ camera screen, megapixel color, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera,, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, Fm radio, 200k+ discolor sieve, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The ring does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color covert, megapixel camera, quad stria, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM colouration radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad stripe band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The does phone not have an editor, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo Mp3-player.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, organizer megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo space editor.
0	The does not have an Mp3-player, radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band,, photo editor.
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer sufficiency sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to IT win a PIE nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been stool computer sound equipment for decade and with the acid micro it finally has something with enough timbre and, yes, fascinate to win a overnice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been devising computer voice equipment for decades and with the superman micro it finally has something with enough choice and, yes, becharm to win a Nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen and micro finally has pie with enough quality charm, yes, it to win a nice size of the digital player something.   
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen it finally with quality and, yes, charm to win nice size of the digital player.   
1	has making computer sound equipment decades and with the micro it has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital pie.   
1	Creative has been making computer X sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough gain quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player sizing pie.   
1	Creative has been sound computer making equipment for decades and with the zen micro finally it has something with enough quality and, yes, of to win a nice size charm the digital player pie.   
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very closely joints , excellent mordant finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very joints tight , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , black , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very loaded tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , precise speaker wire .
1	 Very tight joints , splendid inglorious finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Very opprobrious tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 finish tight joints , excellent black Very , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise this niggling camera does stick things. 
1	there was no compromise this represent little camera does amazing things. 
1	there no compromise this camera does amazing things. 
1	camera was no compromise this little there does amazing things. 
1	there no compromise this little camera does things. 
1	there was no compromise this minuscule camera does astound things. 
1	there piddling was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	there was no compromise little this camera does amazing things. 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and show on the display was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some express more and then show on the display that IT there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , there , some spin more and then show on the display that read was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , was then more and some show on the display that there spin no disc . 
0	it would spin , register , spin some more and then display on the display that there was no record . 
0	it spin , read , spin more and then on the display that there was no disc . 
0	it would spin , read , twisting some more and then demonstrate on the display that there was no disk . 
0	it would spin , read , spin some expose more and then show on the display that there was platter no disc . 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : , sounds great , less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	ipod : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced overall ! 
1	voice overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , expensive great , and less sounds than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds great , less expensive than apple 's ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds capital , and less expensive than apple 's overprice ipod ! 
1	boilersuit : small , sounds enceinte , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and diminished less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	you can fix the optical whizz before inject and than while take picture adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras perch weight Camera shake is a problem to fence with. 
0	you can the optical zoom before and while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out due the cameras light weight Camera a problem to contend with. 
0	shooting can set the optical zoom before problem out and while you video adjust a digital zoom in than and however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a shooting to contend with. 
0	you can lay the opthalmic surge before shooting and than while flash video adjust a digital zoom in and out nonetheless due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a trouble to argue with. 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting than shooting video digital zoom and out however due to the cameras light weight shake is a to contend with. 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while personify shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however coruscate due to the cameras light spell weight Camera shake is a sparkle problem to contend with. 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and adjust while shooting video zoom a digital is in however out and due to the cameras light weight Camera shake than a problem to contend with. 
0	you can set equal the optical zoom before shooting and spell than while shooting video adjust a earlier digital zoom in and out however before due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although AntiSpam disabled Norton I, it is still there.
0	Norton I disabled Although AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	ease Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled ane Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is notwithstanding there.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it still there.
0	I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Although I handicap Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a snatch tricky and submit stick used to but the included pdf instructions embrace the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes include getting used to but the included pdf instructions angstrom cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a takes tricky and bit getting cover to but the included pdf instructions used the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes mother used to but the included pdf instructions continue the functioning moderately well . 
0	navigation is bit tricky and takes used but the included pdf instructions cover the pretty well . 
0	is navigation a bit instructions and takes getting used to but the included pdf tricky cover the operation pretty well . 
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf habituate instructions cover the operation arrive pretty well . 
0	navigation a bit tricky and takes getting used the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty . 
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my reflexion : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very cagey blueprint that appropriate them to flock in to a small cube for easy enchant + dependable Sound ; acquire fairly good effectual at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- realize `` inmate '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained auricle + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be habituate with all of MP3 players + magnate Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can purpose 4 10 AAA bombardment .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; Adam these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces book fairly good sound at all wholly but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least adenine to my untrained cunning ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard folding mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes pinna with a USB power line cable or it can use 4 x AAA auricle batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them universal to fold in to baron a small cube for easy transporting + Good index Sound ; produces victimize fairly good sound at all transmit but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at permit least to my untrained ear + Universal adenine Connector ; the unit stock uses a standard mini folding connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my with : Universal : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that use them to fold in to a or cube for unit transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -this , untrained least to so at all + Pros Connector ; the easy uses a standard mini connector , my RRB- can be used with ear of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes observations a USB power cable small it can allows 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + fold ; these have a very clever design that allows them to sheepfold in to a small cube for well-situated transporting + near well-grounded ; produces fairly good wakeless at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- attend `` convict '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained capitulum + Universal Connector ; the unit USA a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 actor + baron alternative ; descend with a USB power cable or it can manipulation four X AAA batteries .
1	 Here my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever that allows them to fold in to a small for transporting + Sound ; produces fairly good at all the volume levels -LRB- see `` '' , below -RRB- , least to untrained + Universal Connector ; unit uses a mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with USB power cable or it can use 4 x .
1	 Here are my : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that to fold in to a small cube for easy + Good Sound ; produces fairly good at all but highest volume -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my ear + Connector ; unit uses a mini connector , this can be used with all of MP3 players + ; comes with a USB power or it use x AAA batteries .
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in levels a small with for easy transporting + `` Sound ; be fairly good USB highest all but the at or to -LRB- see Options Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can produces used cube all of MP3 can + Power Good ; comes with a sound power cable volume it players use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this a very light - a little less than 3 oz , with battery life ( not as long as new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very fall call - a little less than leash oz , with foresightful battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light phone - a little less minuscule than recollective 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very light - a less than 3 oz , long battery life ( not long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this a is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( adenine not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a very dismount phone - a lilliputian less than 3 oz , with long battery liveliness ( not as long as the freshly polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a long a phone - light little less than 3 oz , with very battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	this is a long light phone - a little not than 3 oz , with very battery life ( less as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely groovy great items .
1	 Both are absolutely great .
1	 great are absolutely Both items .
1	 Both are absolutely great token .
1	 Both absolutely great items .
1	 Both are absolutely items great .
1	 Both are absolutely groovy items .
1	 utterly Both are absolutely great items .
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs be configured just is very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't secure any good rattling becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quick sync is n't any becuase it needs to be properly or just is n't very . 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it surgery either needs to be simply configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	the quickly synchronise is n't any full becuase it either needs to be configured right or just is n't very useful . 
0	n't either sync is n't any good becuase it quick needs to be configured properly or just is the very useful . 
0	the quick synchronise is n't any full becuase it either necessarily to be configured decently or just is n't very useful . 
0	the properly sync is n't configured good becuase it either needs to any be quick or just is n't very useful . 
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two when weeks I noticed music rattling/humming/buzzing sound while a was played.  
0	I had the second one for less played two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing music while sound was than.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks bombinate when I noticed a deuce rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	had the second one for less than weeks when I noticed rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was.  
0	I had the endorse one for less than two workweek when I comment a rattling/humming/bombinate sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one buzz for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while ace music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when unity observe a marvelous/humming/buzzing sound while music was act.  
0	I had second one less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while played.  
1	good quality video . 
1	good quality . 
1	good quality telecasting video . 
1	good video . 
1	good video quality . 
1	good quality picture . 
1	soundly quality video . 
1	good unspoilt quality video . 
1	quality good video . 
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw visualize software gives you is a fancy worldwide designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw image A software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the amp uncritical . 
0	what g3 raw software gives you is fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed uncritical to the please . 
0	what the g3 raw image software gives delight you is a fantasy world designed to please universe the uncritical . 
0	the g3 raw image software gives is a world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	what designed g3 raw image fantasy gives you is a software world the to please the uncritical . 
0	what the g3 raw envision software spring you is a fantasy world design to please the uncritical . 
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to both accomplish tasks.  
1	is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to exist accomplish both tasks.  
1	a is This perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to both tasks.  
1	This is a constitute perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect blend to fulfill both tasks.  
1	This is a everlasting blend to accomplish both tasks.  
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The is subwoofer Klipsh laughable .
0	 is Klipsh subwoofer The laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is comical .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is derisory .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer constitute is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer laughable .
0	 The Klipsh is laughable .
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone diddley depart out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone Jack endure out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the IT headphone jack went out . 
0	iodin so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a the , and month headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for month a , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	so , i 've had it for , and the headphone jack went out . 
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon ' amazing return policy , I was able to the product at on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing insurance return policy , I was able to along return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I constituent was able to return the insurance product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing policy , I was able the product at loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's flummox riposte policy , I was able to takings the product at no loss on my start .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's perplex return policy , ace was capable to return the product at no loss on my constituent .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 'I amazing was policy , s return able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 'return amazing s policy , I was able to return the product at on loss no my part .
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit, needed a player that handle WMA integrate well with my Windows XP.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so reckoner I needed a astatine player that could handle WMA and integrate lour well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is master to MP3, especially at humiliated bit blackleg, so ane involve a player that could plow WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is Superior to MP3, especially at lower chip place, so I required a player that could wield WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computer.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to and, especially at lower bit rates, so handle well a player that could I WMA MP3 integrate needed with my Windows XP computers.  
1	Also, the player compression lower is superior to MP3, especially at format bit rates, so I needed a WMA that could XP WMA and integrate well with my Windows handle computers.  
1	, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, at lower bit rates, so I a player that could handle and integrate well with Windows XP.  
1	Also, the WMA compression format is demolish superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player peculiarly that could handle WMA and integrate crushed well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of use i've had to reboot router. 
1	In a of use i've had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of habituate i've ne'er had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week A of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In a week of use i've never had adenine to reboot the router. 
1	indium a week of utilisation i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In of week a use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	In the week of use i've never had to reboot a router. 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	much , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by sure . 
0	, it 's a bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger south than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	ipod , it 's a little bigger than the sure , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bounteous than the ipod , but not by lots . 
0	sure , it 's a piffling liberal than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by piffling much . 
0	sure , it ' a little bigger than ipod , but not by much . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at a , taking up whole screen , and one has to down one , or have memorized where they the menu order , to select them by using number keypad . 
0	the menu one at a time , taking up the screen , and has scroll down one by , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , select them by using the number . 
0	the menu devour options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by ampere one , or have memorized where victimization they are in the menu order , to select them choice by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at a sentence , exact up the wholly screen , and one has to roll down one by i , or have con where they are in the menu regularise , to select them by using the enumerate keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at they time , taking up the whole order , and one has to scroll down menu by one , or have memorized the a are in where one screen , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear nonpareil at a time , make up the whole screen , and unrivalled has to scroll down one by 1 , or have learn where they are in the menu prescribe , to choice them by employ the number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at order time , to up the the screen , and one has taking scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the select a , to menu them by using whole number keypad . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they card are equal in the menu put order , to select them by learn using the number keypad . 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike build the telephone nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in fantabulous the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two biggest things phones the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia superb " and make 3650 reception nokia is known for in the gsm is they the ... 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working in " unlike the nokia 3650 " the the superb reception nokia phones known for speakerphone and gsm is they make ... 
1	the two crowing matter is the excellent knead speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is love for in the gsm phones they shit ... 
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb expectant reception nokia is known for different in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	the two gravid matter is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is cognise for in the gsm ring they build ... 
1	two biggest things the working speakerphone " unlike the 3650 " and the reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike nokia 3650 " and the reception nokia known for in the gsm phones make ... 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll changing information a lot because the cd information utilized by the software is mediocre best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database cadmium information utilized by the software is mediocre at astatine best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing software information a lot because mediocre cd database information utilized by the track is the at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing rail data a lot because the cd database data utilized by the software is mediocre at adept . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track data a pile because the cadmium database information utilized by the software is mediocre at undecomposed . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because cd information utilized by software is at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot personify because the cd modify database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd best information utilized by the at is mediocre software database . 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the beneficial digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of the , as pictures optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the act optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom occupy as estimable of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , the zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as secure of video , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the zoom optical does ! 
1	the digital zoom takes as good pictures , the optical zoom does ! 
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on forebode.
0	It would not hang up on promise.
0	calls would not hang up on It.
0	would not hang up on calls.
0	It would not hang up on non calls.
0	It would hang up on calls.
0	It would hang not up on calls.
0	It would non not hang up on calls.
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	Comes amp with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting number up the router. 
1	Comes with candle a installation CD which instructs you step by tone step to setting up the router. 
1	Comes a installation CD which instructs you by step to setting up router. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you footstep by abuse to scene up the router. 
1	Comes CD a installation with which instructs you step by step to up setting the router. 
1	Comes with a installation CD router instructs you step by step to up setting the which. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which apprise you step by abuse to coiffe up the router. 
1	Comes with installation CD which you step by step to setting up router. 
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 filling more capable of Definitely the room with sound any than other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room take with sound than any other computer speakers able I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of satisfy the room with sound than any other calculator speakers one 've owned .
1	 Definitely capable of filling room with sound than any other speakers I 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the board with fathom than any other computer talker I 've owned .
1	 ace Definitely more capable of filling the room subject with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	 more of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers 've owned .
1	 Definitely more capable of any speakers room with sound than filling other computer the I 've owned .
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it, but also the battery span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, suddenly but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life twain is suddenly.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span too is short.
0	Not only short it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is is.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also short battery life span is the.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life traverse is suddenly.
0	Not only is it, but also the battery life span is.
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL review December 2004 I'm no-account to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has wreak corking! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to dingy read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has recapitulation worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December sorry to read about people having problems with their Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December I'm sorry to read about other people having with their Micro, mine has worked great! 
1	problems REVIEW December 2004 with sorry to read about other people having ORIGINAL I'm their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL reexamination December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their superman Micro, but mine has lick peachy! 
1	ORIGINAL people December sorry I'm 2004 to read about other REVIEW having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to give read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mass mine has worked great! 
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which IT made it effortless to configure it to IT my LAN.
1	And the came firewall effortless a wizard which made it with to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall LAN with a wizard to made it effortless which configure it to my came.
1	And the firewall arrive with a star which fix it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with do a wizard which made it effortless to hail configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless configure to my.
1	And the firewall amount with a champion which shit it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard made it effortless to to my LAN.
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	to other pail I used started The smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I expend started to flavor after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I after started to smell used 2 weeks of use.
0	The other pail I reek used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The bucket other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks use.
0	The other pail I used bulge to smell after 2 weeks of practice.
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch took a getting used to but now I wouldn't change for the scroll wheel. 
0	The touch check require a little mystify used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The wheel controls took used little getting a to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll touch. 
0	The touch controls unity took a little getting used ringlet to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	The controls touch took a little getting used to but now I it change wouldn't for the scroll wheel. 
0	The trace controls took a fiddling beget used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	touch controls took a little getting to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll. 
0	The touch controls took a only little getting used to but now I wouldn't adjoin change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize music cds -- a long time loading and then , " no " . 
0	seemed like good deal , but pos frequently cannot recognize dvds music cds -- takes a long time loading then , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good deal , Po but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds often and music cds -- takes axerophthol a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a effective softwood , but this pos frequently cannot discern dvds and music candela -- takes a long time lading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a good recognize , but this music frequently cannot deal pos and dvds cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	loading like a good deal , time this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long and seemed but then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	seemed like a axerophthol good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds distinguish and music cds -- A takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	look like a full deal , but this pos ofttimes cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- accept a long meter loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	wreck Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various applications wreck.
0	Sometimes, various applications.
0	Sometimes, various applications clank.
0	Sometimes, applications various crash.
0	Sometimes, various crash.
0	various, Sometimes applications crash.
0	Sometimes, various covering applications crash.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside Champ easily and all one has to do is cram diaper and the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper throw down and napkin flip the handle.
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has indoors to do is cram the diaper chomp down and flip the handle.
1	The bags easily inside diaper Champ attach and all one has to do is cram the the down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach all the Champ easily and inside one has to do is the the diaper down and flip cram handle.
1	The attach the Champ easily and all one has to do cram the diaper down flip the handle.
1	The suitcase attach within the Champ easily and all unrivalled has to do is ram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags attach interior the title-holder well and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and impudent the handle.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a honorable deal and all you stick is a parcel of headaches.
0	Sometimes a a is not a good deal and all is get you suite bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes suite is not a deal and all you get is a of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is compact a bundle sometimes of headaches.
0	axerophthol Sometimes a suite is just not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal all you is a bundle headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good distribute and all you experience is a sheaf of headaches.
0	Sometimes a get is not a good deal and all of suite is a bundle you headaches.
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 'ace s about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) argument and uses a heavy non battery , although rather not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	) quite bulky ( it 's about size as minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses battery , although not very solid as it contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite rather bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a ane heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed As mostly of plastic ( second unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size my minolta vectis aps slr ) uses a battery , very solid as it is mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	I ) rather bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and employment a large battery , although not very solid as it is contructed largely of plastic ( unlike canyon 's elph air ) 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about unlike same as as my minolta vectis s-1 and slr ) aps uses a heavy battery , although not very solid size it is contructed the of plastic ( mostly canon 's elph line ) 
0	one ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and US a lowering battery , although not very unanimous as it is contructed mostly of fictile ( different canon 's elph parentage ) 
0	size ) quite bulky ( elph 's about my same 1 as the minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed of mostly plastic ( unlike canon 's it line ) 
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone tone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone is good, and poping in a 512mb card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality good, and poping in a MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone timber is skillful, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker IT phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone a is good, and poping in quality 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	speaker phone quality is poping, and good in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	verbaliser phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it sway !
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is .
1	 - good quality is Tuner .
1	 - Tuner quality good is .
1	 - Tuner quality select is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is serious .
1	 - Tuner wireless quality is good .
1	 - Tuner is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is adept .
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) it does not players automatically like a hard drive when you some it to your computer , like connect work 
0	) does not work automatically like a hard drive when you it to your computer , some players 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically a hard drive when you it your computer , like players 
0	3 ) it does not cultivate automatically comparable a operose drive when you unite it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) hard does not like automatically like a it drive when you connect it to your computer , work some players 
0	3 ) it does mechanically not work automatically like a mechanically hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	trinity ) it does not play automatically like a severely drive when you connect it to your estimator , like some players 
0	3 ) it does laborious not work automatically like a hard drive when same you connect it to your computer , like some players 
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	entrepot the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	personify the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	the repositing capacity is great for me -- 
1	the storage capacity is great me -- 
1	the storage capacity is expectant for me -- 
1	great storage capacity is the for me -- 
1	the storage great is capacity for me -- 
1	the storage is great for me -- 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have traditional key arrangement , it ' just that they really to one another , and unconventional , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like with big hands . 
0	this modelling does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are rattling close to unmatched another , and have unconventional shapes , so it pack a big cause used to for someone like me with prominent paw . 
0	close model does have the traditional me arrangement , it 's just really they are that like to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone this key with big hands . 
0	this model does traditional key , it 's just that are really close to one another , have unconventional shapes , so takes a big getting used to for like me with big hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional execute key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting corresponding used to for someone like me giving with big angstrom hands . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just bear that they are really close to one another , and precisely have unconventional shapes , so it takes a Maine big getting used to for someone like me with big amp hands . 
0	this mold does have the traditional key organization , it 's just that they are really last to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it proceeds a crowing experience used to for someone like me with bountiful hands . 
0	have model does have the traditional key hands , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and this unconventional shapes , so it me with big getting used to for someone like takes a big arrangement . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for is not out as there is too much material in way to adequately the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	angstrom the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too bicycle much material in persuasion the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the thought for the not is controls cut-outs out as there is too in material much the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not view out as there is too much stuff in the way to adequately access the insure , especially the whorl bicycle . 
0	the textile cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the material way to adequately access the controls , especially the entree scroll wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the is not thought out as there is too material in the to adequately the controls , especially the wheel . 
0	the cut-outs for the wheel is the thought out as there to too much material in not way is adequately access the controls , especially the scroll controls . 
0	the cut-outs for the ascertain is not suppose out as there is too much material in the way to adequately approach the controls , especially the whorl cycle . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	fin the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough set for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax wakeless enhancement boast did n't do enough for me and the impost eq was a trammel 5 band eq . 
0	the eax n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	eax enhancement feature did n't do for and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax reasoned enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the usance eq was a set 5 ring eq . 
0	the eax ring sound enhancement feature did n't do WA enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	the eax sound enhancement feature 5 n't do enough for did and the eq custom was a limited me band eq . 
0	the eax enhancement sound feature did n't do enough a me and the custom eq was for limited 5 band eq . 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , consumption but costs money ) 
1	software is to use ( although redhat software is better , costs money ) 
1	software redhat easy to use ( although is software is better , but costs money ) 
1	is to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is slowly to use ( although redhat software is unspoiled , but costs money ) 
1	software is easy live to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software easy is to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	software is prosperous to use ( although redhat software is good , but costs money ) 
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With along the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has function been done above the table, although one I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, dress of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been practice above the table, although iodin stillness have to compass below the table to operate the mandril lock (and, of course, the hasten and ON/OFF mastery).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing OFF been done above the table, although I still the spindle reach below have table to operate has to lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/the controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my changing has been above table, although still have to reach below the table to the spindle (and, of course, the speed ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT my bit changing has been done above the, I still have to reach below the table to the (and, course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has feature been done above the table, although iodine I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle check lock (and, of course, chip the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With OFF PlungeLIFT all done bit changing has been of above the table, although I table have to reach below the still to operate the spindle lock (and, my course, the speed and ON/the controls).
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my fleck changing has been done above the table, although unity smooth have to reach below the tabularize to engage the spindle lock (and, of class, the speed and ON/OFF command).
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions site their on never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on let their site never to have them answered . 
0	've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them . 
0	i ' tried leaving questions on their never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their place never to have them reply . 
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never seek to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried provide doubt on their site never to have them answered . 
0	i 've tried leaving never on their site questions to have them answered . 
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	 machine 'm not very happy with this I or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very machine with this happy or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very glad with this motorcar or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or rattling Acer .
0	 I 'm not very this machine or Acer .
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or OR Acer .
0	 unity 'm not very happy with this motorcar or Acer .
0	 I 'm not happy this machine or Acer .
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	 really sturdy and strong.
1	 Very sturdy and unattackable.
1	 Very sturdy strong.
1	 sturdy and strong.
1	 and sturdy Very strong.
1	 Very sturdy hardy and strong.
1	 Very and sturdy strong.
1	 Very sturdy inflexible and strong.
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you the already using a previous problems of nortron security and still it to install are new version, you will unistalled have all kind of version in installing the version new on your system!
0	If you are already apply a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the New edition, you will ease have all sort of problems in installing the freshly variant on your system!
0	already a previous version of nortron security and unistalled to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version system!
0	If you it already using a system version of nortron security and all are to install the new kind, you will still have unistalled version of problems in installing the new version on your previous!
0	If you are already expend a previous version of nortron surety and unistalled it to install the new version, you will tranquillise have all sort of problems in installing the raw variation on your organization!
0	If you translation are already along using trouble a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it installment to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If are already using a previous version of nortron security unistalled it install the, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version your!
0	If you are establish already using a previous version instal of nortron security and unistalled it to certificate install the new version, you smooth will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad ace that I do not work for Norton.
0	I that glad am I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad I do not for Norton.
0	I am glad that ace do not employment for Norton.
0	I am glad that unity do not ferment for Norton.
0	I am glad that I do work not for Norton.
0	I i am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I am glad that I not work Norton.
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * * much the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , graphics from any picture on computer , and if you know how to program jme you even make own / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.eastward. dislodge ringtones from midi files , justify graphics from any exposure on your computer , and if you experience how to curriculum jme you can eve constitute your own apps / games . 
1	from more do * so * much can with the pc if , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics you any picture can your computer , and suite you know how to program jme you on even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * rump much more with lots the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program rooms jme you circle can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and ikon if you know how to build program reckoner jme you can computer even make your own apps / games . 
1	and can do * so * program more with the from suite , i.e. midi ringtones pc free files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , you if you know how to much jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.tocopherol. unfreeze ringtones from MIDI register , gratuitous graphics from any ikon on your computer , and if you jazz how to program jme you can even form your own apps / games . 
1	you can do * * much more the pc suite , i.. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture your computer , and if you know how jme you can make your apps / games . 
0	First off, the battery.
0	First off, the barrage.
0	start off, the battery.
0	off First, the battery.
0	First off, battery.
0	First off, the.
0	bombardment First off, the battery.
0	foremost First off, the battery.
0	First off, battery the.
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no installation following their problems instructions . 
1	i had no problems following their installation No instructions . 
1	i had no problems pursual their installation instructions . 
1	i their no problems following had installation instructions . 
1	i had problems following their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems following pedagogy their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems their installation instructions . 
1	i had no problems come their installation instructions . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the heft of the . 
0	and the body / construction in general has after quite a afterwards bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the eubstance / construction in worldwide has quite a burn of plastic , a disappointment after the unstained steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and body the / construction in general has a quite bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel letdown heft of building the s330 . 
0	and the consistency / construction in general has quite a spot of pliant , a disappointment after the stainless steel massiveness of the s330 . 
0	and plastic the / construction in general has quite a bit of the , a disappointment after body stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and the body / construction in general has quite bit of plastic , a after the stainless steel the s330 . 
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: bug I've seen no glitches.
1	: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've insure no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've consider no glitches.
1	glitches: I've seen no DEPENDABILITY.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've see seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've glitches no seen.
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	i only cherished something to romp dvds on but this automobile has all these other features that i probably will never apply but it 's prissy to cognise that there 're there . 
1	there only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other use that i probably will that features but it 's nice to know never i 're there . 
1	only wanted something to play dvds on but has these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice know that there ' there . 
1	i only wanted motorcar something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably IT will never use but it 's nice thither to know that there 're there . 
1	there only wanted that to play dvds on but re machine has all these other features something i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that i 'this there . 
1	i only wanted something to merely play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never thither use but it 's nice to know iodin that there 're there . 
1	i only wanted something to flirt dvds on but this car has all these other characteristic that i likely will never practice but it 's skillful to know that there 're there . 
1	i wanted to play on but this machine has all these other features that i probably never use but it 's nice to that there 're . 
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The grave motor and unendingly variable speed control let this router churn through everything I hold at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously ace variable speed control let this router churn through everything restraint I threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let churn everything I threw at it.
1	The churn motor and continuously variable speed control threw this router heavy through everything I let at it.
1	The heavy speed and continuously variable motor through let this router churn control everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously speed control let router churn through everything I at it.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed hurl control let this router churn drive through everything I threw at it.
1	The lowering motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything ace bemuse at it.
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I pictures a lot of take and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this is camera my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this pick camera is my first choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this is first choice. 
1	I take a band of pictures and this camera is my low choice. 
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera foremost is my first choice. 
1	I adopt a lot of pictures and this camera is my firstly choice. 
1	I a lot of pictures and this is my first choice. 
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the movie kept freezing . 
0	after two freezing the picture kept weeks . 
0	two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept . 
0	after two weeks the picture save freezing . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept afterward freezing . 
0	after weeks two the picture kept freezing . 
0	after two suspend weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but snapped , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( just which you remove to take snatch out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( still you remove battery take out the to ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device which feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels transfer flimsy but when snapped on , the prohibited device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the barrage ) feels fragile but when snapped on , the gimmick quiet feels pretty solid . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove take out battery ) feels flimsy when snapped on , the device feels pretty solid . 
0	the front top ( which you take to ingest out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snap on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	the front you ( which to remove cover take out feels battery ) the flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could commencement n't be happier . 
1	this is my showtime digital camera and i could n't be happy . 
1	is this my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my first digital happy camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	this is my digital camera and could n't be happier . 
1	this is my 1st digital camera and i could n't be well-chosen . 
1	this is my first be camera and i could n't digital happier . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could happier . 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, screen another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up glows you touch the and, and how the light when when the Zen computer connected to the is. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's when touch the screen, the light glows the Zen is to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" wakeful that surrounds the partake domiciliation, and light's up when you soupcon the screenland, and how the tripping glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light colligate that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up alight when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the touching computer. 
1	Oh, and another OH is the cool "halo" light upwards that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and estimator how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and that touch the surrounds "halo" light another cool the the pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how is light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is cool "" light that surrounds the touch, light's up when you touch, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" fall that surrounds the contact lard, and light's up when you meet the screen, and how the unhorse radiance when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure but had all the features , it when i tried to shoot girl a 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it all the , but when i tried to a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to task . 
0	sure it had the features , i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game just wan't up to the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i seek to flash a girl 's basketball gamy it just wan't up to the tax . 
0	sure it had to the features , but the i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up all when task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't only up to hoops the task . 
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a back girl 's basketball game it just wan't sport up to the task . 
0	surely it had all the features , but when i essay to scoot a girl 's basketball gritty it just wan't up to the task . 
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can keep floor one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, john it is that simple.
1	can keep one hand on my baby and dump the at the same, is that simple.
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same pass time, it is Same that simple.
1	the can keep is hand one my baby and dump the diaper at I same time, it on that simple.
1	I can maintain one give on my baby and dump the diaper at the same clock, it is that dim-witted.
1	same dump keep one hand on my baby and can the diaper at the I time, it is that simple.
1	iodin can restrain one hand on my baby and dump the nappy at the same time, it is that unsubdivided.
1	I can keep one hand on my the diaper at same time, it is that simple.
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use is it perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it is double-dyed . 
1	but what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it is everlasting . 
1	come but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	but for what i do use it is single perfect . 
1	but for what i do use is perfect . 
1	but what for i do use it is perfect . 
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	to time struggled to get something I've way the work I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the often!
0	to often struggled to get something I've work the time I want it, and hate to way to carry the manual with me all the have!
0	I've often to get something to work the way I it, and hate to carry the with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and have to the manual me all time!
0	I've often struggled to draw something to work the way unity require it, and hate to have to expect the manual with me all the clock!
0	I've often struggled to obtain something to process the fashion I want it, and hate to have to gestate the manual with me all the meter!
0	hatred I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual receive with me all the time!
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way lack I want it, and metre hate ane to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go ring with sound them . 
1	nokia was my nonflip phone , i 'm glad decided to go with them . 
1	nokia was my firstly nonflip phone , and i 'm beaming i decided to belong with them . 
1	nokia nonflip decided first was phone , and i 'm glad i my to go with them . 
1	nokia was my nonflip phone , i 'm glad i to go with them . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip run phone , and i 'm glad i decided ply to go with them . 
1	nokia was my maiden nonflip phone , and i 'm gladiola i decided to cristal with them . 
1	nokia i my first i phone , and nonflip 'm glad was decided to go with them . 
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product way than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus).
1	This product is McCafees cooler than anything Ive and before (PcCillins used way and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is path coolheaded than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus solo).
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and apply McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is agency cooler than anything Ive practice before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus solo).
1	This product is way and than anything Ive used before (PcCillins cooler McCafees and Norton alone Antivirus).
1	This product is way cooler than anything used before (PcCillins and McCafees Norton Antivirus).
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used production before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went summate black except for the operate icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures for the LCD went black except total the icons the showing settings. 
0	After 57 pictures total the visualise LCD went black locomote except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 total the LCD except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 pictures sum the LCD sound black except for the icons picture the settings. 
0	After pictures total LCD went black except for the icons showing the. 
0	After 57 picture total the LCD break black except for the icons showing the background. 
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black the for except icons showing the settings. 
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also dearest that you can flip the device with peerless hand...
1	I also love that can you flip the device with one hand...
1	also love that you can flip the device with one...
1	I also love that you flip can the device with one hand...
1	I also love that you can i flip the device with one hand...
1	1 also love that you can somersault the device with one hand...
1	I also mitt love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	It works great.
1	It cracking works great.
1	It works swell.
1	It IT works great.
1	It great.
1	works It great.
1	works great.
1	great works It.
1	It works nifty.
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	The quality is amazing. 
1	The photograph photo quality is amazing. 
1	The photo choice is amazing. 
1	photo quality is amazing. 
1	The amazing quality is photo. 
1	The photo exposure quality is amazing. 
1	The photo is quality amazing. 
1	The photo quality is stick. 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does displaying recognize times at random player , despite being connected and not player 's library . 
0	-- > expose does equal not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize At player at At random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > connected not player recognize at random times , despite being does and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not realize player at random meter , despite being associate and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not acknowledge player at random times , despite being machine-accessible and displaying actor 's library . 
0	-- > does not at random , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > does not recognize player random times , being connected and displaying player 's . 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when player tried to install dvd second the i in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	inch when i tried to crop install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	i tried to install the second dvd player in brothers , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second IN dvd player in my brothers house , that ace one didn " t work either ! 
0	i when tried didn install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one to " t work either ! 
0	when i tried to install the second dvd in my brothers house , one didn " t work ! 
0	when i tried to install the 2d dvd player in my pal house , that one didn " t function either ! 
0	when i essay to install the irregular dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t employment either ! 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) IT FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES WORST with ONE STAR: What's up RATE no recharge cord? 
0	) forged FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT range ONE starring: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST potential FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with create no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES RATE ONE STAR: What's up with recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE astir POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with sport no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE IT RATE: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE give IT range unity STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) THIS FEATURE no, WORST ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with POSSIBLE recharge cord? 
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy advertised as .
1	 Installation was well-situated as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy advertised .
1	 Installation was easy loose as advertised .
1	 Installation easy was as advertised .
1	 Installation was induction easy as advertised .
1	 Installation was tardily as advertised .
1	 Installation was easy as .
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad same in the again or some other way reviewers the next 6 months the , as other in have pointed out , because construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad in the same or other way in the next 6 because , as other reviewers out , the construction is pretty . 
0	i fully expect pretty to go bad again in as because or some other way in the next 6 months same , the other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is it flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to go month bad again in agency the same or some other way in the next middling 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again the same or some other the next 6 months because , other reviewers have pointed out , the is pretty . 
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same ampere or some passably other way in the next forbidden 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	i fully expect it to die risky again in the same or some other way in the adjacent hexad months because , as other reader have pointed out , the construction is passably flimsy . 
0	i fully look it to survive badness again in the same or some other agency in the following 6 months because , as other reviewers have betoken out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users one machine seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never user seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed behave like you'd.
0	expect users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd Multiple.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave wish you'd bear.
0	never users on one machine Multiple seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	look Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Multiple users on ane car never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They caused the problem , ie untimely product in the box , the service tech neglect to believe what the software aforementioned was unseasonable .
0	 They said the wrong , ie problem product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software caused was wrong .
0	 They caused the Explorer problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech neglect failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 They do the problem , Explorer wrong product in the box , the service tech break to believe what the software order was wrong .
0	 They problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service failed to believe what the software said was .
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , service the tech failed to believe said the software what was wrong .
0	 They the problem , ie wrong in the box , the service tech failed to believe software said was wrong .
0	 They caused IE the problem , Explorer ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted precious the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but just it did n't .
0	 merely I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product just work soo bad , but it to did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to work , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the production to function soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , it did n't .
0	 I need the product to process soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 I via IT the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i examine navigating to a chapter past xxxiv via the card and it would n't do it ! 
0	i endeavour sail to a chapter by 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try fare navigating to a chapter past 34 card via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	menu try it to a chapter past 34 via the i and navigating would n't do it ! 
0	it try navigating to a via past 34 chapter the menu and i would n't do it ! 
0	i navigating to a chapter 34 via the and it would n't do it ! 
0	i try navigating a past 34 via the menu and it would n't do ! 
1	Go for the Champ.
1	Go Champ the for.
1	crack Go for the Champ.
1	perish for the Champ.
1	Go for the.
1	Go the Champ.
1	Go for Champ the.
1	Go for endure the Champ.
1	fail for the Champ.
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	 Avoid this manikin like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model like ilk the plague .
0	 Avoid this like the plague .
0	 Avoid this model alike the plague .
0	 Avoid this ilk model like the plague .
0	 Avoid model like the plague .
0	 this Avoid model like the plague .
0	 Avoid plague model like the this .
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would exploit delicately for a while then as the drive warmed up it would die.
0	It would motor fine for a while then as it work warmed up the would die.
0	It would work for a while as the motor warmed up it die.
0	IT would exercise hunky-dory for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It would work fine the a while then as for motor would up it warmed die.
0	It work fine a while as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	arsenic It would work fine for a while then as the motor warm warmed up it would die.
0	It would work axerophthol fine warm for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	the all controls are other very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very easy to expend . 
1	the other mastery are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls manipulate are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very sluttish easy to use . 
1	other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	controls other the are all very easy to use . 
1	the other controls are all very easy use . 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The X box included a forth little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a acquit boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box a little polyester, pull-string, (yes, read right a, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) tries to pass it as the case. 
0	The box included a little polyester, BAG, (, you read BAG, a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the. 
0	The box included a small polyester, pull-string udder, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would transport ten marbles in) and stress to choke it off as the lawsuit. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string ampere BAG, (yes, you read right a wits BAG, something a boy would carry impart ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	The box include a niggling polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read compensate a BAG, something a boy would run ten marbles in) and tries to pas it off as the fount. 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read pass a BAG, something a boy would carry ten the in) and to tries right it off as marbles case. 
0	The a included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right box BAG, carry it boy something would ten marbles in) and tries to pass a off as the case. 
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you calcium ca n't find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find for better the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the honest cost .
1	 Still for the you ca n't find better for cost .
1	 Still for the n't you ca price find better for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't notice safe for the cost .
1	 Still for the price you ca n't breakthrough improve for the cost .
1	 Still the price you ca n't find better for the .
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is At okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( astatine at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance okayed is ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not surly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not horrifying ) . 
1	the appearance at okayed ( is least not ugly ) . 
1	the appearance is okayed ( least not ugly ) . 
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	give it.5 stars possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I it 4 stars.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 mavin if possible, but since 5 stars would be misinform, I make it tetrad stars.     
1	I'd give misguide it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars potential would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	I'd break it 4.V stars if possible, but since 5 mavin would be misleading, I give it 4 lead.     
1	I'd it 4.5 stars if, but since 5 stars would be misleading, give it 4.     
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars whizz would be misleading, IT I give it 4 stars.     
1	stars I'd it 4.5 stars if possible, give since 5 give would be misleading, I but it 4 stars.     
1	stars give since 4.5 stars if possible, but it 5 I'd would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movie" last about 5 seconds.
0	about "movies" last The 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last about quintuplet seconds.
0	final The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "movies" last 5 seconds.
0	"movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The "5" last about movies seconds.
0	The "movies" last about death 5 seconds.
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it grow out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns stunned out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it flex out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out be the " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to disposable the " be " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " forbidden disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be " disposable " type . 
0	unfortunately it turns the to be out " disposable " type . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this IT is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you sport rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no metallic problem . 
1	this is rather nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the no and problem a listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - morning you . 
1	this a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early the morning and you rather to " easy " rather than " heavy metal " - problem . 
1	this is a the feature ( i.e. it 'you early in nice morning and s rather listen rather " easy listening " to than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in morning and you listen to " " rather than " metal " - no problem . 
1	betimes this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's IT early in the morning and you sluttish rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice boast ( i.e. it 's early in the sunup and you rather listen to " slowly listening " instead than " gruelling metal " - no problem . 
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the aurora and you rather listen to " well-heeled mind " rather than " great metal " - no trouble . 
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first good routers worked 2 for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for .
1	 The 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers worked practiced for years .
1	 The first 2 crop routers worked good for years .
1	 The deuce first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	 The first routers 2 worked good for years .
1	 The first 2 routers play good for years .
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera so easy to use!
1	This camera is so easy use to!
1	This camera is so sluttish to use!
1	This camera easy so is to use!
1	This camera is so easy soh to use!
1	This camera is so easy use!
1	This camera is so easy to enjoyment!
1	cost This camera is so easy to use!
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't see why the package does not discount " the " when it lists the cadmium in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i 't why the does not ignore " the " when lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 'number t understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical seat order . 
0	also , i can 't sympathise why the software does not ignore " the " when it number the candela in alphabetical society . 
0	also , i 't understand why software does ignore " " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 'the lists why the software does not ignore " t " when it understand the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't understand why cd the software does not arrange ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	also , i can 't understand ignore the software does not why " the " when alphabetical lists the cds in it order . 
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	product also leaves faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in room the.  
0	The product also leaves a faint angstrom smell in the room.  
0	The product also leave a faint smelling in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in leaf the room.  
0	The product leaves a smell in the room.  
0	The product besides leaves a faint flavor in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a faint in smell the room.  
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes dvds on . 
0	after @ 3 mellow months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 , stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing on number scenes higher dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher numeral view on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it playing number scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number issue scenes on dvds . 
0	after @ troika months , it stoppped recreate higher number scenes on dvds . 
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Zen is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better Zen the for Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better acid for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	expert for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the exist Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Better for the Outlook Micro is Zen compatibility. 
1	Better for the superman Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the the ) the by left corner of lcd picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked bottom the lens . 
0	when look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom corner of the ( about 15 % ) blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not left lcd ) by bottom the corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked the the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom non left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by flavour the lens . 
0	when you see through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the arse forget corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is stuff by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner tree of the picture ( about 15 % ) non is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not ) the left corner of the picture ( 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	when you attend through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the tail left corner of the picture ( about xv % ) is occlude by the lens . 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the update required the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and are are lot bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having found problems with the firmware update mass required constitute to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are a Napster with the they update required to use the player for problems to Go.. The firmware is beta and firmware are are having lot of bugs in it. 
0	A fate of people are having problems with the firmware update ask to function the player for Napster to conk.. The firmware is beta and they are are a distribute of intercept in it. 
0	lot of people are having problems the firmware update to use player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta they are are lot of bugs in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the a lot required and use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta to they are are firmware update of bugs in it. 
0	A mountain of masses are having problems with the firmware update postulate to use the player for Napster to crack.. The firmware is beta and they are are a muckle of intercept in it. 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required role to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they be are are lead a lot of bugs in it. 
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom down up and goes in magnification , which is nice , but there is always of down of the size zoom about one-quarter of the way display from the top a the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom goes of and down in magnification , screen is nice , but there one-quarter always up display a the zoom size about settings of the way down from the top of the which that interferes with viewing at most is . 
0	zoom goes up and in magnification , which is , there is always a display of the zoom size one-quarter of way down from the the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom run up and down in magnification , which is Nice , but there is e'er a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the mode down from the tip of the blind that interpose with catch at most settings . 
0	the surge move up and down in enlargement , which is nice , but there is constantly a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the room down from the superlative of the screen that interferes with see at most setting . 
0	the goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the size one-quarter of way from the top of the screen that viewing most settings . 
0	the zoom goes up whizz and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a move display proceed of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the merely top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	the zoom goes always up refine and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of invariably the screen that interferes with viewing merely at most settings . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i confine have windows xp pro and when comprise installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i a that there was a problem installing the . 
0	i the windows xp pro and when installing have enclosed software receive did i a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	i have windowpane xp pro and when instal the wrap software i did receive a message that there was a problem establish the driver . 
0	have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there problem installing the . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enfold software i did find a content that there was a problem installation the driver . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing job the enclosed software i did get receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	when have windows xp pro and i installing the enclosed i software did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro an a Zen Micro killer, not is Ipod killer. 
0	The creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro slayer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen is a Zen Micro killer, not an killer. 
0	The micro Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The AN Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an. 
0	Creative The Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	The Creative Zen micro is a Zen micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes also .
0	 Display glitches and jiffy also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes also pass .
0	 Display glitches and occurred also flashes .
0	 Display glitch glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	 and glitches Display flashes also occurred .
0	 Display glitches and flashes pass also occurred .
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played closing through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through to completion done successfully . 
0	only one disk played through successfully completion to . 
0	only one disc played through to completion successfully . 
0	only one disk played through to culmination successfully . 
0	one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	played one disk only through to completion successfully . 
0	only one played through to completion successfully . 
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" five features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "altogether cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "" features of the mini, but with 20GB of 5.  
1	 entirely the "poise" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All but "cool" features of the mini, the with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 entirely the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of quintuplet.  
1	 All the "the" features of cool mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of mini, but with 20GB instead of.  
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically drive as a hard recognized . 
0	i personify am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as drive . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a severely parkway . 
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not mechanically recognized as a backbreaking drive . 
0	i am that the player 's not automatically recognized as hard drive . 
0	i am annoyed that Am the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	i recognized annoyed that the player 's not automatically am as a hard drive . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it break ) , but pretty . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : part the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as somewhat if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is if , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as tiny it break might ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief precious synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it stalwart might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , as , feels kind of " cute " ( plastic-like if break might it ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the telephone is flyspeck , cunning , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might recrudesce ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	here 's the abbreviated synopsis : the sound is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might recess ) , but seems pretty uncompromising . 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily shanghai by electronics , tending to be a petty buttoned-down , but this product really deserves V stars .
1	 I 'm easily by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be thousand a little conservative , but non this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending really be a little deserves , but this product to conservative five stars .
1	 be 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to I a little conservative , but product this really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , non tending to be a little genuinely conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 I 'm easily impressed , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves stars .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a footling conservative , but this product rattling deserves Phoebe genius .
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same they be searched via artist or as the zen not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into does same directory and they cannot be via searched artist or album folders the zen the not recognize as . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your search tracks into the same directory discern and they cannot represent be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if n't do you have tags , it 'll searched all of your tracks into the same directory and cannot they be lump via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all represent of your tracks represent into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize Oregon folders . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your the same and they cannot be searched via or album as the zen does recognize . 
0	if you do n't have shred , it 'll gawk all of your runway into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the pane does not agnize folder . 
0	if you do n't have rag , it 'll lubber all of your track into the same directory and they cannot be seek via artist or album as the Elvis does not recognize leaflet . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	the also feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically position in the song information is n't invariably accurate . 
0	also feature to automatically put in the song is n't always accurate . 
0	also the info feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	also feature to automatically put in the song information is always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always indium accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically n't in the song information is put always accurate . 
0	also the feature to automatically set in the Sung information is n't always accurate . 
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very fair and courteous , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and very software is the user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the user-friendly is very software .
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very Nice clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The framework is also very neat and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	 The is also very clean and nice , and the software very user-friendly .
1	 The model is also very exist clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and read they would send a young one .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they ware would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was and said they would send new one .
0	 said product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product articulate was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would beam a raw one .
0	 They said said product was defective and the they would send a new one .
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send new a one .
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if I my player untouched (no backlight) could play considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume.  
1	I imagine if I left my untouched (no backlight) could play for considerably more than 12 hours at low level.  
1	I for if I player my left untouched (no backlight) it could play imagine considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no well backlight) it could play ampere for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	iodin imagine if I left my player unmoved (no backlight) it could wreak for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume rase.  
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (at backlight) it could play 12 considerably more than for hours no a low volume level.  
1	I imagine if one left my player untouched (no backlight) it could manoeuvre for considerably more than 12 hours at a dispirited volume tier.  
1	I well imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume IT level.  
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when represent such equally crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineering , profession am embarrassed for the engineer i when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an engineer , organise i am embarrassed for the engineering profession embody when such crap is released for sale . 
0	an , i am for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	as an orchestrate , i am stymie for the engineering profession when such crap is unblock for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am hinder for the engineering profession when such horseshit is expel for sale . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the profession engineering sale such crap is released for when . 
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed the engineering when such is released for sale . 
1	 Portable .
1	 Portable .
1	 portable Portable .
1	 portable .
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	purchase 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the i one bit , it i never leave home without and . 
1	i 've it for a week now , do the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without . 
1	i 've had it for a workweek now , do n't regret the purchase unrivaled second , and i never lead home without it . 
1	've had for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , i never leave home without . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase sorrow one bit , rue and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a week IT now , do n't unity regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a one now , do n't regret the purchase week leave , and i never bit home without it . 
1	i 've had it for a workweek now , do n't regret the purchase unity flake , and i never leave menage without it . 
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	6 bought this about We months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about 6 months equal ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about vi months ago and it's been vile.  
0	We bought this 6 months and it's been worthless.  
0	We this 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	We bought this about sise months ago and it's been vile.  
0	We and this about 6 months ago bought it's been worthless.  
0	agone We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera takes and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera hold amazing pictures and its size cannot be quiver. 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be amaze beat. 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures its size be beat. 
1	This camera size amazing pictures and its takes cannot be beat. 
1	beat camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be This. 
1	This camera astound takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	This camera demand amazing see and its size cannot be beat. 
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually horns but do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns extreme I do n't hear anything overly but .
0	 I usually avoid extreme but I do n't hear anything overly horns .
0	 I usually avoid horns I do n't anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually annul horns but ace do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly excessively extreme .
0	 I usually avoid horn but I do n't discover anything overly extreme .
0	 I usually avoid learn horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The accompaniment has been less than impressive, considering the toll. 
0	The support considering been less than impressive, has the cost. 
0	The less has been support than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	equal The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering. 
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering birth the cost. 
0	The tolerate has been less than impressive, see the cost. 
0	The support been less than impressive, considering cost. 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. do love audio sync which allows a between the player and music collection on the computer . 
1	c. the do love audio sync which allows a the synchronization between i player and one-click music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do audio sync allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the collection on computer . 
1	C. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchrony between the instrumentalist and the music solicitation on the computer . 
1	cytosine. i do love audio synchronize which leave a one-click synchronization between the musician and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization the between player and the music computer on the collection . 
1	along c. i do love audio estimator sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player betwixt and the music aggregation collection on the computer . 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " decade shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with totally on " shuffle " it rocks ! ! 
1	crop for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rock-and-roll ! ! 
1	working for 10 with it " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " altogether tilt ! ! 
1	working for 10 hours with it all on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working 10 for hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	working for hours with on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm selfsame phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other . 
1	it figure receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it find very prissy mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures phones other gsm from . 
1	it receives very prissy mms film from other gsm phones . 
1	it receives from nice mms pictures very other gsm phones . 
1	it receives very nice mms from other gsm . 
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I Cf wanted standard memory expansion (CF cf cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	macro kayaking standard memory expansion (CF cards), I mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for wanted).
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro, and if, a waterproof housing ( kayaking).
1	I standard memory (CF), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	ace wanted standard memory expansion (Cf placard), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and style if possible, a waterproof housing (domiciliate for kayaking).
1	I wanted a memory expansion (CF cards), macro and, mode if possible, standard waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted standard memory elaboration (CF notice), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof house (for kayaking).
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	 These monitors follow are great for the price .
1	 These are great for the price .
1	 These monitors are swell for the price .
1	 These monitors are capital for the price .
1	 These monitors are great for price .
1	 These monitors are cost great for the price .
1	 These monitors are for great the price .
1	 These monitors are great price the for .
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really mode heavy, so I think this is constitute kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag inbuilt manageable embody upon emptying.
1	But from think experience, by the time manageable gets of that is, the bag point really heavy, so I my this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way to keeping the bag it upon emptying.
1	But my, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think kind helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping manageable upon emptying.
1	from my, the time it gets to point, the bag is really heavy, so think this is kind helpful- a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my is, by experience time it gets to that point, heavy bag the really the, so I think this is emptying of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon kind.
1	But from my experience, by the clock it take to that direct, the bag is really profound, so unity think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of safekeeping the purse manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it develop to that bespeak, the bag is really sound, so iodin intend this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of retention the handbag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, by the time it lowering gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I lumbering think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable genial upon have emptying.
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the evening scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and even smell I don't no if!
1	I bags the scented use and even if I don't no smell!
1	I employment the scented bags and even if i don't no smell!
1	I scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	ace use the scented bagful and even if I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented bags and even if still I don't no smell!
1	I use the scented and even if I no smell!
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have taken a bad picture . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic have , i really settings n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i rattling have n't drive a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , taken really have n't i a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't study a bad visualise yet . 
1	with the automatic hold settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	with the automatic settings , i really have film n't taken a bad picture yet . 
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery xiv supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery furnish lasts 14 hr ! 
0	there is no way the battery provide finis 14 hours ! 
0	there supplied no way the battery is lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there battery no way the is supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	there is way the battery supplied lasts 14 ! 
0	there is no way battery supplied lasts hours ! 
0	there is no way the battery supplied path lasts 14 hours ! 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light your dissapears in and pocket . 
1	your is extremely light and dissapears in it pocket . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your . 
1	IT it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely Light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your sac . 
1	it is extremely light pouch and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears your pocket . 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  the plug the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the cord and seriously decrease OR life if you don't upgrade the firmware it's dont' heed on advice to always to the in player side of the battery before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy charging... can damage the seriously decrease life if don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always in the player side of the before in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about consign... you can damage the battery and seriously lessen it's animation if you don't advance the firmware OR dont' attentiveness the advice to ever hoopla in the musician side of the corduroy before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about price charging... you microcode can damage the battery and release seriously corduroy decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in ass the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -thin-skinned about commit... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's animation if you don't upgrade the firmware surgery dont' heed the advice to invariably ballyhoo in the histrion side of the cord before punch in the outlet position. 
0	whatever...  on to the the:  -touchy about don't... you can damage always battery and seriously decrease it's before if you charging upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to the plug outlet the player side of negatives cord life plugging in the in side. 
0	whatever...  on to the negative negatives:  -touchy IN about charging... plug you can damage any the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't whatsoever upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	whatever...  to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... can the battery and decrease it's life if upgrade the firmware dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the. 
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing withal reading this, chatter the "Add to haul" button already!      
1	That's for now, what are you doing still reading, click the "Add to Cart" already!      
1	That's for now, what are you still reading this, click the " to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it you now, what are for doing Cart reading this, click the "Add to still" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are button Cart still reading this, click the "Add to doing" you already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you push doing still reading this, IT click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are you doing unruffled record this, dawn the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	That's it for now, what are snap you doing practice still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy . 
1	pictures lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy the . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for indium easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen out and rotates in direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any centering for easy ikon . 
1	the focussing lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the lcd screen in out and rotates pulls any direction for easy pictures . 
1	the LCD screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy scene . 
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does not quell in place.
0	The sliding in is does not stay latch place.
0	rank The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch is does post not stay in place.
0	The slide latch is does not stay in place.
0	The sliding latch does is not stay in place.
0	sliding latch is does not stay in place.
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for More my aerate trip to IT beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also employ it at the iguazu crepuscule , and could not have need for more perfective functioning ! 
1	and bought it for iguazu trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the my for , i could not have asked falls more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the astatine iguazu falls , and non could not have asked for misstep more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to aires performance , and also used it at the iguazu not , and could falls have asked for more perfect beunos ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and for more perfect performance ! 
1	i for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it the iguazu , and could not asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos bare , and also practice it at the iguazu accrue , and could not have ask for more hone performance ! 
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer prodigious than the 8-10 hours that recollective seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is, lasting than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable most music on the market.  
1	Battery life is surpassing, live longer than the 8-10 minute that seem reasonable with most music histrion on the market.  
1	Battery market exceptional is, lasting longer than the 8-10 life that seem reasonable with most music players on the hours.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer sensible than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most medicine music players on the market.  
1	Battery life is exceptional, longer lasting than the 8-10 hours with seem reasonable that most music players on the market.  
1	Battery animation is exceptional, last longer than the 8-10 hours that seem fair with most music players on the commercialize.  
1	life, lasting than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , adenine and so far it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a splendid couple copulate of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	a the 30gb xtra bought couple far weeks ago , and so of it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a weeks ago , and so far it has excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a duet of weeks agone , and so far it has been first-class . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks , and it has been excellent . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a twain of weeks agone , and so ALIR it has been excellent . 
1	a the 30gb xtra bought couple so weeks ago , and of far it has been excellent . 
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable micro drive to store allegedly and employment transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly can Micro as a portable drive to store and data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly can use the Micro as a drive to and transport data from computer to another.
0	can one is particularly bothersome: Micro one This use the Zen Allegedly as a portable drive and store to transport data from one computer to another.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the pestering Zen Micro as a portable drive to allegedly store and transport amp data from one computer to another.
0	This one is specially bothersome: Allegedly one can utilise the dose Micro as a portable drive to depot and transferral data from one computer to another.
0	This 1 is particularly pestering: Allegedly i can usage the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from unrivalled computer to another.
0	Zen one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can and the This Micro as a portable drive to store computer transport data from one use to another.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the amp piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	let rotten after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets ampere stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the piston on the seal doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, seal on piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	Gets stinky after anymore few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal a.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the SEAL on the piston doesn't SEAL anymore.
0	door broke after a month . 
0	door month after a broke . 
0	door fail after a month . 
0	broke after a month . 
0	month broke after a door . 
0	door broke amp after a month . 
0	door bankrupt after a month . 
0	axerophthol door broke after a month . 
0	door after a month . 
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very riotous 
1	very 2.0 - usb fast 
1	cipher usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very 
1	usb 2.0 - fast 
1	usb 2.very - 0 fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very firm 
1	usb rattling 2.0 - very fast 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox unsophisticated is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	is using the nomad jukebox actually easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and nickelodeon uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is wanton and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy uncomplicated . 
1	actually nomad the using jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and unsophisticated . 
1	using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , customer service -LRB- far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It hence works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It ferment , salutary customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good mould customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer service -stars so far -RRB- = 4 LRB- .
1	 It works , proficient customer Service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	 It works , good customer RRB- -LRB- so far -service = 4 stars .
1	 It works , service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	also have complained about the not having window , but that 's not really a big deal to either -- the case is sturdy and offers protection . 
1	people also have complained about the fount not having a window , but that 's not very a expectant sight to me either -- the case is tough and offers very goodness protection . 
1	a also have complained about the big not having people window , but that 's not really offers case deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and a very good protection . 
1	people have complained about case not having a , but that 's not a deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very protection . 
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but nigh that 's sight not really a big deal to pass me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	protection having have complained about the case not also a window , but that 's not really sturdy big deal to me either -- the case is a and offers very good people . 
1	people also non have non complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a Maine big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	people also have complained about the typeface not having a window , but that 's not really a large lot to me either -- the vitrine is sturdy and proffer very serious protection . 
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy in environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's punishing to hear from the headphone.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard hear the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from inch the earpiece.
0	indium noisy environment, it's unvoiced to hear from the earpiece.
0	noisy environment, it's to hear from the earpiece.
0	In noisy environment, it's hear to hard from the earpiece.
0	In noisy to, it's hard environment hear from the earpiece.
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but contain it wo n't let IT you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it n't let take pics with which is real good . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it let take pics it on which is real good . 
1	it does good a take cap , but it wo n't let you lense pics with it on which is real have . 
1	it does have a lense roof , but it wo n't let you yield pics with it on which is really honorable . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you adopt picture with it on which is very ripe . 
1	it does have a lense cap , pics it wo n't let you take but with it on which is good real . 
1	it does IT have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is IT real good . 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, I hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and iodine personally hate the stunned vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are joke a, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors I a joke, and are personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a trick, and I personally hate the dullard vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and hatred I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	colors are a joke, and I personally the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the pillock stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's repeatedly freeze playback , while the counter on the player kept . 
0	both the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter player kept going . 
0	both counterpunch of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter prevent on the player kept going . 
0	both of the problem videodisc 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player maintain croak . 
0	both of the during dvd 's would repeatedly freeze problem playback , while kept counter on the player the going . 
0	both of the problem dvd 's would going during freeze playback , while the counter on the player kept repeatedly . 
0	both of parry the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept last going . 
0	both of the trouble dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player prevent expire . 
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about it buy that is a to You have larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing single don't like about it is that You have to buy a magnanimous memory menu, first matter!
0	 the only thing I don't about it is that You have to buy a memory, thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about give it is that affair You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the thing I don't like about it is that have to buy a memory, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like buy it is that a have to about You larger memory card, first thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a enceinte retention placard, offset thing!
0	 the only thing I don't like about it steal is that You have to buy poster a larger memory card, first thing!
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound is there well no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well there complaints no is about that .
1	 and the sound well personify there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the wakeless swell there is no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound substantially there is no ailment about that .
1	 and the sound well there is complaints about .
1	 the sound well there no complaints about that .
1	 and the sound well there is no No complaints about that .
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen review could be estimable.  
0	Screen refresh could be better.  
0	Screen could be better.  
0	Screen review sort could be better.  
0	could review Screen be better.  
0	Screen review be better.  
0	Screen could review be better.  
0	Screen comprise review could be better.  
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will let me to pack delineation all day without worrying about tear . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 a camcorder battery that will allow me to take all day worrying about . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder shelling that will appropriate me to hold pictures all day without torment about charging . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 a camcorder battery that will allow to take all day without worrying about . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures subscribe all day without testament worrying about charging . 
1	the standard include battery with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without charging about worrying . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 let is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about barrage charging . 
1	the standard battery include with the me is a camcorder battery allow will that g3 to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a combination of the broadcast size assume up resources and the loose/nigh scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think every is a the of the program size taking up resources and combination open/close scanning that it does with it program.
0	I think it is a combination of curriculum the program axerophthol size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a combination of the broadcast size admit up resources and the out-of-doors/conclusion scanning that it does with every program.
0	think it is combination of program size taking up resources and open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size that up and resources the open/close scanning taking it does with every program.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size up resources and the/close scanning that it does program.
0	I think it is a combination of cerebrate the program size taking up resources and the open/close undecided scanning that it does with every program.
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the mesh, I describe that there is so a flaw with the current WRT54G excogitation (WRT54G, version terzetto, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on the inquiry Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (A WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently so sells).  
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there later is indeed a swop flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version trade 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After Amazon research on the sells, I discovered that a is indeed there flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which some currently Net).  
0	later some research on the profit, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version triad, which Amazon presently sell).  
0	After the research on the Net, I a which there is indeed discovered flaw with some current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, that Amazon currently sells).  
0	After some research on Net, I discovered that there a flaw with current WRT54G design (WRT54G, 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After on the Net, I that there is indeed a flaw with current WRT54G (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	isn't uncommon in, though, as as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras,, as long as you bring your spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in arsenic cameras, though, just as add long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This camera isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you yearn should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as recollective as you work your charger and supererogatory batteries, you should be okay.
0	isn't This uncommon in cameras, though, just as long your you bring as charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as yearn as you lend your courser and unornamented batteries, you should be fine.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just charger long as you and your as bring spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are a follow little dark sometimes.
0	be The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are little dark sometimes.
0	The icon are a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures sometimes a little dark are.
0	The pictures are a little shadow sometimes.
0	The pictures a little dark sometimes.
0	The pictures are sometimes little dark a.
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply earpiece those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid ovalbumin Headphones. 
0	and headphone supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and those stupid white Headphones. 
0	supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	supply and those stupid white Headphones. 
0	and supply those white stupid Headphones. 
0	and supply those stupid whiteness Headphones. 
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed control went.
0	Recenly the variable speed controller went out.
0	Recenly variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the out speed control went variable.
0	Recenly the variable speed control went start out.
0	the Recenly variable speed control went out.
0	Recenly the variable speed curb went out.
0	Recenly the last variable speed control went out.
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound is great. 
1	 The!  sound quality is levelheaded great. 
1	 is!  sound quality The great. 
1	 The!  voice quality is great. 
1	 The!  sound quality is. 
1	 The!  sound tone is great. 
1	 The!  sound quality personify is great. 
1	 The!  sound great is quality. 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , IT it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is creak top notch ( both upright dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build lineament feels firm , it does n't shake or whine while wager discs , and the picture and effectual is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound practiced ) . 
1	while build quality feels it , solid does playing shake or whine the n't discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does palpate n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 right sound DTs good ) . 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't agitate or whine while playing discs , and the see and sound is upside notch ( both dts and dd5.1 fathom sound ) . 
1	the build notch feels 1 , it does n't shake or whine while playing quality , and the picture and sound is top discs ( both dts and dd5.solid sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels , does n't or whine while playing discs , and the picture sound is top ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the build quality feels , it does n't shake or whine playing , the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound ) . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and inapt . 
0	otherwise , it is differently difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to cypher out and awkward . 
0	it , otherwise is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult figure to out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out extinct and awkward . 
0	otherwise , is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	otherwise , it is difficult to out and awkward . 
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not play - 1 have to send it outside again.  
0	Now, spike the player's ear charge phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's phone jack is not working - I to send it again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is diddley not working - I have to send it ingest away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is - I have send it away again.  
0	Now, the ear player's phone I is not working - jack have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's ear to jack is not working - I have again send it away phone.  
0	straightaway, the player's ear phone jack is not turn - iodine have to send it away again.  
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped aggregation over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and rip they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over c songs from my CD collection and it was so soft and fast, and they all strait expectant.  
1	have ripped over 100 my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all great.  
1	I have CD over 100 songs from my ripped collection and it was so easy and sound, and they all fast great.  
1	I have ripped over completely 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy complete and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over C songs from my CD accumulation and it was so easygoing and fast, and they all sound nifty.  
1	I ripped over 100 songs from my CD and it was so and fast, and all sound great.  
1	I have ripped over and songs they my CD collection 100 it was so easy and fast, and from all sound great.  
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it its works fine but I now gone through two monitors have both with defective switches .
0	 When it works but I have through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it mold its fine but iodin have gone through two Monitor now both with defective switches .
0	 When it forge its fine but I have rifle through two monitors now both with defective swop .
0	 When it works its fine reminder but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective ane switches .
0	 When it works its fine I have gone monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When its works it have but I fine gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors IT now both IT with defective switches .
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up besides the display , so even besides though the side controls are reachable , i have upwards to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that display with mine covers up the came , so even open have side controls are reachable , i the to though it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , though the side are reachable , i have to it see the display . 
0	besides , the sway subject that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side ascertain are reachable , i have to overt it up to realize the display . 
0	also , the comport case that came with mine enshroud up the display , so evening though the side command are reachable , i have to exposed it up to catch the display . 
0	also , the carrying case to came with mine covers up side display , so controls though the the even are reachable , i have that open it up to see the display . 
0	also , caseful the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the slope side controls are reachable , i have see to open it up to see the display . 
0	also , the carrying case that with covers up the , so even though the side controls are , i to it up to see the display . 
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been thwarted with Nokia in the by, finding that Samsung and Motorola incline to have skillful quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that observe Samsung and Motorola tended to have better live quality phones.
0	I overall been disappointed with in the past, finding that and tended to have better quality phones.
0	that have overall been disappointed with Nokia in Motorola past, finding I Samsung and the tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been tend disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better induce quality phones.
0	I overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and to have better quality.
0	I have Samsung been disappointed with Nokia past the in, finding that overall and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, witness that Samsung and Motorola tended to have advantageously choice earpiece.
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did found the and software a week ago notmad buy that a vast improvement . 
1	i a buy the notmad software did week ago and found improvement a vast that . 
1	i did purchase the notmad software a week agone and determine that a vast improvement . 
1	i did steal the notmad package a week ago and bump that a vast improvement . 
1	i betterment did buy the notmad ampere software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i buy the notmad software a week ago and a vast improvement . 
1	purchase i did buy package the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i did the notmad software a week ago and that vast improvement . 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things this little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about confident this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't great enough positive things about this write little camera ! 
1	camera can 't write enough positive things about this great little i ! 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about roughly this great little camera ! 
1	i can 't publish enough positive things about this majuscule little camera ! 
1	i can 't write enough positivistic things about this groovy little camera ! 
1	i 't write enough things about this great little camera ! 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is lens viewfinder is slightly blocked by the the . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly merely blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by lens the . 
0	the only drawback is the somewhat viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slimly freeze by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is viewfinder slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slimly occlude by the lens . 
0	the is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I bed how small the thing is, and the Amytal burn - I've had it for deuce weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	I love how small at thing is, and the blue glow - I've had problems for two weeks with no electronic it the all.  
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue personify glow - I've had it for two follow weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	love how small the thing is, the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks no electronic problems all.  
1	I love how small the thing whole is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic completely problems at all.  
1	I love how small at thing is, and the blue the - I've all it for two weeks with no electronic problems glow had.  
1	love how small the thing, and the blue glow - I've had for two weeks no electronic problems at all.  
1	I bonk how minuscule the thing is, and the blue gleam - I've had it for two hebdomad with no electronic problems at all.  
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is fairly impressive from such rather lowly drivers .
1	 Even bass pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small evening drivers .
1	 Even the bass pretty impressive from such rather drivers .
1	 rather the bass is pretty impressive from such Even small drivers .
1	 flush the bass is passably impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such drivers small rather .
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small preferably drivers .
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes amp with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item angstrom now. 
1	 This unit comes with USB/firewire cable as a standard now. 
1	 This unit get with the USB/firewire cable as a banner item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable item a standard as now. 
1	 unit comes with the USB/firewire as a standard item now. 
1	 This unit comes with the item/firewire cable as a standard USB now. 
1	 This unit hail with the USB/firewire cable as a stock item now. 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is vitiate the os frost . 
0	halt every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	freezes time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os every . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt subvert the os freezes . 
0	every nomad thinks the file is corrupt the freezes . 
0	every time nomad the file is corrupt the freezes . 
0	every time nomad corrupt the file is thinks the os freezes . 
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the Os immobilize . 
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com script.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com audible books.  
0	- Not compatible com Audible.with books.  
0	- Audible compatible with Not.com books.  
0	- non Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not with Audible.com books.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com.  
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com hold.  
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - apparently Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly.
1	seemingly MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	boundless/STORAGE - Seemingly MEMORY.
1	MEMORY/store - Seemingly boundless.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - boundless Seemingly.
1	MEMORY/reposition - Seemingly boundless.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	as one other reviewer sharpen out, it does occasionally lead a little effort to button down the "plunger" to make the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the base doesn't very look full.
0	As pointed out, it does take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection doesn't look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does speculator occasionally take a little effort arrange to push down the "plunger" napkin to get the diapers in the bucket pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a inspection effort to push the the "doesn't" to get down diapers in the the, even though upon little pail bag plunger really look full.
0	axerophthol ane other reviewer manoeuvre out, it does occasionally charter a picayune effort to labour down the "plunger" to beat the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one other reviewer pointed the, it does occasionally take little in effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers a the pail, even though inspection upon out bag doesn't really look full.
0	As one reviewer pointed out, it occasionally a little effort to down "plunger" to get the the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As dress one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a IT little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in withdraw the pail, even though upon inspection the bag nonpareil doesn't really look full.
1	battery life is ok . 
1	battery life-time is ok . 
1	ok life is battery . 
1	battery is ok . 
1	battery life is fine . 
1	battery life ok . 
1	okay battery life is ok . 
1	alright battery life is ok . 
1	battery is life ok . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	liken to everything else in this category , this is most definately the upright smack for the buck . 
1	compared to else in category , this most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else bang this category , this is most definately in best the for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this category , liken this is most definately the best bang embody for the buck . 
1	compared everything else in category , this is most definately the best bang for the . 
1	else buck everything compared in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the to . 
1	compared to everything else in come this category , follow this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to everything else in this family , this is most definately the best slam for the hitch . 
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even the the LOW a level, sensitivy slight touch can skip or pause on track.  
0	Even the LOW level, a touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy slight, a level touch track skip or pause the can.  
0	Even along on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause racecourse the track.  
0	Even on the sensitivy, a slight touch can skip or pause track.  
0	Even on the moo sensitivy level, a slight pinch can decamp or pause the track.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy grade, a slight trace can skip or pause the path.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can intermission skip or Low pause the track.  
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard is sinister. 
0	The thaumaturge is particularly sinister. 
0	particularly Wizard is The sinister. 
0	The superstar is particularly sinister. 
0	The is particularly sinister. 
0	is Wizard The particularly sinister. 
0	The Wizard is particularly be sinister. 
0	The Wizard follow is particularly sinister. 
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio unit, which had generate bully service, and would have been well-chosen to acquire another matchless, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek innovation, storage capacity, joining options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	suffer I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get glad another one, but was tempted by the iPod's pose sleek design, storage capacity, connection scram options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I capital had a Casio unit, which had invention given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, ampere storage capacity, connection options- - plan firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio with, which the given great service, and would have been happy was get another one, USB to tempted by had iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and but, and its integration unit iTunes.   
1	I had a Casio whole, which had pass big service, and would have been happy to take another unity, but was tempt by the iPod's sleek design, storehouse capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	I one a Casio unit, which had given great service, and happy have been would design get another but, had was tempted by the iPod's sleek to, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	had a unit, which given great service, and have been happy to another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and with iTunes.   
1	I a Casio unit, had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but the iPod's sleek design, storage, connection options- - and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It habit regular garbage bags instead of stain refills.
1	. It uses regular garbage instead of brand refills.
1	1. It employ regular refuse bags instead of brand refills.
1	bags. It uses regular garbage 1 instead of brand refills.
1	1. drivel It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead habitue of brand refills.
1	1. It uses regular of bags instead garbage brand refills.
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , have this for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used this DVD player for about two hours coif it up for my mama for Noel , but that was long enough for me to bump problems with this dvd player . 
0	, i have only this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it for mom for christmas , but that was long enough me to problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i utilize have only minute used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough two for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 find setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that with long enough for me to hours player was this dvd problems . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player victimized for about 2 hours setting it up trouble for my mom for christmas , but ii that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about christmas hours setting it up for my dvd for 2 , but that was me enough for long to find problems with this mom player . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hr sic it up for my mama for Christmastime , but that was long enough for me to ascertain problems with this dvd thespian . 
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires sight line of a .
0	 The only downside is the which a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote which involve a demarcation of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote requires a line of .
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a wrinkle of deal .
0	 The only lot downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is postulate the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	 The only downside is the remote of requires a line which sight .
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it looks very , seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it looks very really cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	it front very cool , and seems quite small to me and very lighter . 
1	it looks very cool , and quite small to me and light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to look me and very light . 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite minuscule to me and very loose . 
1	it seems very cool , and looks quite small to me and very light . 
1	it looks very and , and seems quite small to me cool very light . 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for virtually use with a proficient Mac. 
0	Linksys technical support site has configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical support site proficient has nothing about configuring the router for use proficient with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys Mac support site has nothing about configuring the router for a with use technical. 
0	The Linksys proficient underpin site has zip about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys a support site has nothing about configuring with router for use the technical Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical substantiate site has zero about configuring the router for enjoyment with a Mac. 
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just astute the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and desk the right size for my just .
1	 Great colouring display , sharp characterization , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , keen photo , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp , and just the right size my desk .
1	 Great display , sharp picture , and just the right for my desk .
1	 Great color right , sharp picture , and just the display size for my desk .
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , acutely and just the right size for my desk .
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably with creative labs . 
1	i love this player iodin and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably expire with originative labs again . 
1	i love this and player would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably go originative with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player labs would probably go with creative and again . 
1	i love this and would go with creative labs again . 
1	i love this player and would probably croak with creative laboratory again . 
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the is crap . 
0	software - software the is crap . 
0	software - the software is dogshit . 
0	software - crap software is the . 
0	software - the package software is crap . 
0	be software - the software is crap . 
0	software - the software crap . 
0	package - the software is crap . 
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam bonuses.
1	The popup blocker anti-spam and are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonus.
1	The popup blocker and ar anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are fillip.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are.
1	The popup anti-spam and blocker are bonuses.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam fillip are bonuses.
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the key are snug together , and the layout is a flake funky in congress to touchstone rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the close are keys together , and the layout is a bit funky standard s to in rectangular layout keypads , but it 'relation not too weird . 
0	the keys are close together , and the keypad layout is a bit funky in relation to closely standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 'non s not too weird . 
0	the keys are together , and layout is a bit funky to standard rectangular keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	the keys but close in , and the layout is a bit funky together relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , are it 's too not weird . 
0	the sulphur keys siemens are S close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	keys are together , and the layout is a bit funky relation to standard rectangular layout , but it 's not weird . 
0	the paint are ending together , and the layout is a burn funky in copulation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too eldritch . 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	crook the camera on while push the clit (or is it the menu button? i have to checker again =)) and it'l read you the time and date. 
1	turn the camera on again pressing the button (or is the it menu button? i have to check while =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	the camera on while pressing the button (or is it button? i have to check again =)) and show you time and date. 
1	turn the camera on while meter pressing the button (or is it the chip menu button? deterrent i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	turn patch the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check break again =)) and it'l show bout you the time and date. 
1	crook the camera on while urgent the button (or is it the menu release? i have to insure again =)) and it'l record you the time and date. 
1	turn the on while pressing the (or is it the menu button? i to check =)) and it'l show the time and date. 
1	and the and on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i it'l to check again =)) turn have show you the time camera date. 
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	intent 3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to away use the international nomad as an external although out the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad interface ( winxp style explorer ) works well is transfer files back and forth to purpose the nomad as an external support the tech although web-site states that the primary intended use of the player to as a player . 
1	3 ) the support explorer ( winxp style well ) works interface to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an tech is the external nomad web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player although as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad AN explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as adventurer an external although the tech suffer support web-site states that the primary angstrom intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomad ( winxp style ) works well transfer files forth to use the nomad as an external the support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of player is as a player . 
1	3 ) nomad ( winxp style ) works well to transfer files back forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose the a player . 
1	deuce-ace ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) exploit fountainhead to transport files backwards and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech substantiate web-site tell that the primary intended purpose of the instrumentalist is as a player . 
1	tercet ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) run well to transplant register back and forth to utilization the nomad as an external although the tech living web-site states that the primary signify purpose of the thespian is as a player . 
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	on my main the computer software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software right not work did . 
0	on my main computer the software did not shape decently . 
0	on my independent computer the software did not ferment right . 
0	on my main computer software did not work . 
0	on my main computer the software did ferment not work right . 
0	on my the software did not work right . 
0	on my main computer the software did not non work right . 
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	would give it about 6 or 7, although it will probably get better few charge cycles.  
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it better a get will after probably few charge cycles.  
0	I would give it about VI or 7 hours, although it will probably fix safe after a few charge pedal.  
0	I would it about 6 or 7, although will probably get better after a charge cycles.  
0	I would bike give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge accusation cycles.  
0	I would give a better 6 about 7 hours, although it will probably get or after it few charge cycles.  
0	I astir would give it about 6 credibly or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	I would devote it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably suffer skilful after a few billing cycles.  
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't the AV turn let me protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But countenance it wouldn't let me turn the allow AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let me wrench the AV protection rachis on and it wouldn't block with the alerts.
0	But alerts wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back stop and it wouldn't on with the it.
0	But it wouldn't let me the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop alerts.
0	it let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop the alerts.
0	But it wouldn't let IT me turn the AV protection back on Maine and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	but it wouldn't let me routine the AV protection punt on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- that being said , speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that completely being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have near vocalize quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being suppose , the speakers have good profound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- sound that being said , the speakers have good All quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , represent the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 : - -LRB- All that said , the speakers good sound quality .
1	 : - -have All that being said , the speakers LRB- good sound quality .
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	with been incredibly happy I've this camera.
1	I've improbably been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly felicitous with this camera.
1	I've been happy incredibly with this camera.
1	I've been happy with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly glad with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy embody with this camera.
1	I've been incredibly happy with this.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The on mine 2 if I play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it Hokkianese only takes often 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts two days if iodine don't work games that much, and it only return 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and only takes 90 mins flat.
1	The flat on mine mins 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 lasts to charge from battery.
1	The battery on mine lasts solely 2 days if I don't play along games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if iodin don't work game that much, and it only drive 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The battery on only lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it mine takes charge mins to 90 from flat.
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	 Setup easy very was .
1	 Setup very easy .
1	 Setup was very easygoing .
1	 Setup was easy very .
1	 Setup was very promiscuous .
1	 Setup setup was very easy .
1	 Setup wanton was very easy .
1	 Setup was very .
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the best value Zen there for the money; if be are undecided, the choice out Micro seems to you the best Creative.     
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for follow the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to esteem be the proficient best choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the best thither value out there for topper the money; open if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By to this seems far be the best value Zen there for undecided money; if you are the, the Creative out Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	away far this seems to be the better rate out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro look to be the serious choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the secure appreciate out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative acid micro seems to be the intimately choice.     
1	far this seems be the best value there the money; if you are undecided, Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	By far this seems to be the best there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen to the best choice.     
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	out wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it by required me to restart the frozen micro often taking It the battery and it restarting. 
0	wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it me to restart frozen micro by taking out the battery and it. 
0	It fixed wouldn't invariably always work secure seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't always mould seemlessly with WMP and it often need me to restart the immobilise micro by rent out the shelling and restarting it. 
0	It wouldn't incessantly solve seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the freeze micro by read out the barrage and restarting it. 
0	It the work always seemlessly with and WMP it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out wouldn't battery and restarting it. 
0	It work with WMP and it often required me to the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting. 
0	It wouldn't always IT work carry seemlessly with WMP restart and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can catch pretty stinky farsighted before the pail is wax.
0	The downside to this that it can pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside equal to this is that it can somewhat get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside entirely to this is that cost it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only downside to this is that it can bewilder reasonably malodourous long before the pail is full.
0	The is downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky only before the pail long full.
0	to only downside The full is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is this.
0	only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long the pail is.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One table shop has been using one regularly in a router cabinet for 11 years problem a without.
1	cabinet shop has been using one in a router table for years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has xi been using one regularly in a unrivaled router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a table 11 years without a.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one 11 in a for table router regularly years without a problem.
1	peerless locker shop has been practice one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One amp cabinet shop amp has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	peerless cabinet store has been using one regularly in a router shelve for 11 years without a problem.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the big reviews, my computer isn't especially retard down and ane have Win'98.
1	I'm sure all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I Win'98.
1	I'm not wherefore sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't wherefore especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the reviews, computer isn't especially slowed down and I have.
1	I'm speculative not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer calculator isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't slowed especially down and I'm have Win'98.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad revue, my computer isn't especially slacken down and ace have Win'98.
1	I'm not reviews why all the bad sure, I computer isn't especially slowed down and my have Win'98.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	I just got an older 866 along Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it amercement also runs fine on that.
1	I just engender an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 Aries and it also outpouring exquisitely on that.
1	I just an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM it also fine that.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system organization with 512 PC 133 RAM and it amercement also runs fine on that.
1	133 just got an older 866 Mhz system with on PC I RAM and it also runs fine 512 that.
1	I just amaze an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it too bleed hunky-dory on that.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC RAM runs fine on that.
1	I just Mhz an older 866 got system with runs PC 133 RAM and it also 512 fine on that.
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable characteristic . 
1	that 's characteristic a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 'a s rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable have . 
1	that ' a rare and valuable feature . 
1	valuable 's a rare and that feature . 
1	that 'boast s a rare and valuable feature . 
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little difference between the two aside from activation process, and the product is rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly on a formatted drive.
0	There is roadster little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has betwixt problems running unless II cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius, and the product is currently buggy and has problems running installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful a between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the has is currently rather buggy and product problems running unless cleanly drive on difference formatted installed.
0	There is piddling meaningful difference between the two translation apart from the tedius energizing process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems campaign unless cleanly instal on a formatted drive.
0	There cause is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside betwixt from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather divergence buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little meaningful divergence between the two versions digression from the tedius activation serve, and the product is currently rather loco and has problems functional unless cleanly installed on a formatted motor.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the aside versions two from the tedius activation problems, and formatted product the currently rather buggy and has process running unless cleanly installed on a is drive.
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 The GigE negotiated the speed just fine presented and the router with a switch link .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed and the router with a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the amphetamine just okay and acquaint the router with a GigE link .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just presented and fine the router with a link GigE .
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and acquaint presented the router with a GigE link .
1	 OK The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router face with a GigE link .
1	 switch negotiated speed just fine and the router with a GigE link .
1	 The throw negotiated the hurrying just finely and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	The is the best thing I have ever. 
1	The I-Pod is the intimately affair I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the best have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the best I thing have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is the upright thing I have ever use. 
1	The I-Pod is the exploited best thing I have ever used. 
1	The I-Pod is thing best the I have ever used. 
1	The affair I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds likewise that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( ane my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have had had trouble trouble svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 not reading with these ) . 
1	, have not had trouble reading svcds that i created vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 trouble with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had difficulty record svcds that i created and vbr mp3 candle ( my old apex ad-1200 had inconvenience with these ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble apex with that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old reading ad-1200 had trouble svcds these ) . 
1	also , i have not had perturb study svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my quondam apex ad-1200 had disquiet with these ) . 
1	also , have not trouble reading svcds i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with ) . 
1	also , i have not had trouble translate reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex indication ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get severe a good grip oft on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet develop loosened up.
0	It's ofttimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and scram enough muscle behind the turn to stimulate the collet relax up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a the grip on the router, activate good chuck lock, collet get enough muscle behind and wrench to get the the loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good on the, the lock, and get enough behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes severely to cause a unspoiled grasp on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet unsnarled up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grapple grip on the router, activate the chuck plenty lock, and get enough muscle behind sinew the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get muscle good grip on the the, activate the chuck lock, and get enough collet behind router wrench to get the a loosened up.
0	oftentimes hard to get a good grip the router, activate the lock, and get enough muscle the wrench to get collet loosened up.
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to pailful worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry this running out of refills with about diaper pail!
1	We diaper have to worry about running out of refills with this don't pail!
1	don't have to worry about running out refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have worry about running out of refills with this pail!
1	We don't have to vex about run out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills replenish with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to interest about ladder out of refills with this diaper pail!
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried of belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well i when set it on top is a portable radio , but was awful trying to use of the car which the somewhat in a disappointment . 
0	i 've seek the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it shape comfortably when i laid it on top of a portable wireless , but was dire nerve-wracking to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the horrific belkin fm embody transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat just of a IT disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it process wellspring when i determined it on tip of a portable radio , but was dire seek to usance in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm but unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , transmitter somewhat awful is to use in the disappointment which trying was of a car . 
0	i 've tried the belkin fm unit with it & it worked well when i it on of a portable radio , but was awful to use in the car which is disappointment . 
0	embody i 'constitute ve tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it IT on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of play a disappointment . 
0	'the fm transmitter with it & well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
1	I love this pail!
1	ane love this pail!
1	love this pail!
1	I love this bucket pail!
1	I love dearest this pail!
1	I love pail!
1	this love I pail!
1	iodin love this pail!
1	I pail this love!
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a tawdry cordless drill or a laminate tailored.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or laminate.
1	Less than a cheap drill cordless or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill a or laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a surgery cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trim trimmer.
1	Less a cheap cordless drill or a trimmer.
1	Less than a tinny cordless drill or a laminate trig.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy pass and smell free, the ace genie was difficult to be use one handed (which is absolutly vital if champion you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from i the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated chomp into the bag work whatever really well because smell there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy because changing free, the genie was difficult one use handed one (which is absolutly vital if you have deffinite on to little genie smell pad) and there was a a odor around from the a plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well and there isn't any added bulk eminating the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is prosperous and aroma disengage, the genie was difficult to use unmatched handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a deepen bolster) and there was a deffinite odour eminating from the genie summation we establish that the warm association garbage base where the tie are integrated into the udder work really intimately because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	there is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to function peerless handed (which is absolutly critical if you have a piffling unity on a convert dramatize) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the straightaway tie garbage bulge where the tie are integrated into the pocket lick really intimately because there isn't any lend bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, chanp is and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital have a little on a changing) and there was deffinite odor eminating from the plus found that tie garbage bags the ties are integrated the bag work really because there any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the is easy and free, the genie was difficult to use one handed ( is absolutly if have a little a) there was deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the work really well because isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is to and smell free, the genie was difficult easy use one handed (which is absolutly eminating if one deffinite a quick you on there changing pad) and there was a have odor vital from the the plus we found into the little tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated that genie bag work really well because a isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is find easy and whatsoever smell free, the genie was difficult form to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a bulge deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we A found that frame the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated small into the bag work really well because there isn't any scent added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is the , the search funtion is n't even when accessing it with the hotkey . 
0	software - search match jukebox is n't the hotkey , the music funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the greatest shortcut . 
0	software - music medicine match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't debauched fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music pair nickelodeon is n't the expectant , the search funtion is n't degraded even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the enceinte , the search funtion is n't truehearted eve when accessing it with the hotkey crosscut . 
0	software - music match jukebox the n't the greatest , is search funtion is with fast even when accessing it n't the hotkey shortcut . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the , the search funtion is n't fast accessing it with the hotkey . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is nickelodeon n't fast even when accessing it with the IT hotkey shortcut . 
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially.  
1	This model appears to be especially simulation good.  
1	model This appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially skillful.  
1	This model appears to be good especially.  
1	This manakin appears to be especially good.  
1	This model well appears to be especially good.  
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone embody are horrible . 
0	one more that , the default ringtones thing come with the phone are horrible . 
0	peerless more thing , the default ringtones that seed with the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the ringtones that come the phone are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that hail with the sound are horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come fall with the phone are horrible . 
0	are more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone one horrible . 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that the phone are horrible . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times advantageously and i angstrom had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly whole painless process as well . 
0	the unit itself lock a few times and i to hit reset button but that was a fairly painless process as . 
0	upward the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button Washington but that was a fairly painless deliver process as well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few sentence and i had to shoot the reset button but that was a pretty painless work as comfortably . 
0	the unit itself painless lock that a few times and i had well hit the reset button but up was a fairly did process as to . 
0	the unit itself lock up few times and i had hit the reset button but that was fairly painless process well . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few clock and i had to bang the reset push but that was a jolly painless serve as well . 
0	the unit itself did times up a few process and i had that hit the reset button but to was a fairly painless lock as well . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can pinna really expect much out of the small headphones you insert cavum in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones n't the best , you can really expect much out of the headphones you in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't best , but you can really much out of the small you insert in ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the effective , but you can really expect practically out of the minuscule headphones you inset in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , you but can really expect much out of the headphones small you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the skillful , but you can genuinely expect practically out of the small headphones you introduce in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the low best , but you can really expect much out of the bum small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , out you can really in much but of the small headphones you expect insert the ear cavity . 
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 'm very satisfied with it especially for price .
1	 I 'm very for with it especially satisfied he price .
1	 I 'm satisfied with it for he price .
1	 I 'm very thousand satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very satisfied helium with it especially for he price .
1	 I 'm very fulfil with it especially for he toll .
1	 I 'm very satisfied price it especially for he with .
1	 single 'm very fulfill with it especially for he price .
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the diaper best pail!
1	Diaper best is by far the Champ diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the Interahamwe best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the upright diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ pailful is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the estimable diaper pail!
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it to the player (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails whack to usance hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	adjudge I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to plan hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	ane dont use the belt clipping cuz it fails to hold the player securely (innovation problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz hold fails to it the player design (securely problem). 
0	I dont it player belt clip cuz use fails to hold the the securely (design problem). 
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it neglect to postponement the player securely (project problem). 
0	dont use the clip cuz it fails to hold player securely (design problem). 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's and supposedly easy to replace though haven't had to do yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable supposedly easy replace though haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly suffer easy to replace though I haven't had to do hold it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly though I replace easy to haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly light to replace though unity haven't had to do it withal of course. 
1	It's prosperous rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't answer had to do it yet of course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy replace to though I haven't had to do it of yet course. 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly well-off to replace though 1 haven't had to do it yet of flow. 
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have control me better given . 
0	up , down , left , and right would undecomposed have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right have would given me better control . 
0	, down , left , right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , impart , and right would have apply me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and right would have devote me better curb . 
0	up , down , Maine left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	up , down , left , and would have given me control . 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you IT to see everything on the earmark screen easily . 
1	it has a sack blue light that allows you to control everything on the concealment easily . 
1	it has a clear blue light the allows see to you everything on that screen easily . 
1	it has a clear light that you to everything on the screen easily . 
1	it has allows clear blue light easily a you to see everything on the screen that . 
1	it has a clear gloomy light that allows you to ensure everything on the blind easily . 
1	it has a clear IT blue light that allows you to see everything along on the screen easily . 
1	a clear blue light that allows you to everything on the screen easily . 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of judder the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally image your distorts 
0	. even the slightest of shakes totally your image 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally warp your look-alike 
0	. even the slightest of the milkshake totally distorts your project 
0	. even of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of effigy the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes image distorts your totally 
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order have to work and that's just more function money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper more Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work More and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and more just that's money that you don't have spend to.
0	The Genie needs it's own refill bags order to work and just more that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and have just more money don't you that that's to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie indigence it's own refill pocketbook in guild to mould and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie needs own refill bags in order to work and that's just money you have to spend.
0	The Diaper Genie want it's own replenish bagful in order to function and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I aver adequate because it was enough to obtain wireless operate, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper form job that I could have exercise if so!
0	I suppose adequate because it was enough to stupefy wireless exploit, but nowhere penny-pinching enough instruction to do the proper configuration line that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate but it was enough to get wireless working, because nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration have that I could so done if job!
0	I say adequate because it passable was enough allege to get wireless plenty working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say adequate because it was enough to about get wireless working, but i nowhere near problem enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I adequate because it was enough to get wireless, but nowhere near instruction to the proper configuration job that I have done if so!
0	say adequate because it was enough get wireless working, nowhere enough instruction to do the configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	so say it because adequate was enough to get wireless job, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration working that I could have done if I!
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	opening the Champ to empty-bellied out the bulge is a little tricky- ace pinched my thumb a few times before I got the bent of it.
0	Opening the Champ to a out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb empty few times before I it the of hang got.
0	Opening the Champ got empty out bag the is a hang tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I to the little of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a tricky- pinched thumb a few times I got the of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out adenine the bag piddling is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the metre hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a short tricky- ace vellicate my thumb a few sentence before I stimulate the hang of it.
0	Opening clip the flow Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got earlier the hang of it.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a before got hang it.
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not bright ?
0	 In fact others say not lustrous enough ?
0	 say fact others In not bright enough ?
0	 In enunciate fact others say not bright enough ?
0	 In fact others not say bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not vivid bright enough ?
0	 In fact others say not brilliant enough ?
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really ask can take anyplace it anywhere.
1	can so small even light, and with a spare battery, you really It's take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, even with A a spare battery, sluttish you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare, you can it anywhere.
1	It's small and light, even with a spare battery, you really it anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, take with a it battery, you really can even spare anywhere.
1	It's so small and light, flush with a plain battery, you really can consume it anywhere.
1	It's so small and illuminate, level with a spare battery, you real can take it anywhere.
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out embody is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the good that hail out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound comes out is .
1	 For the price of theese speakers cost the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese unbelievable the sound that comes out is speakers .
1	 For the price of theese that the sound speakers comes out is unbelievable .
1	 For the price of theese speakers the fathom that do out is unbelievable .
1	 For the of theese speakers the sound that out is unbelievable .
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are hard to restraint manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the contain dark. 
0	The controls are to, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls are heavily to manipulate, specially in the dark. 
0	The hold are hard to manipulate, especially in the disconsolate. 
0	The controls are hard manipulate to, especially in the dark. 
0	The are to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The controls in hard to manipulate, especially are the dark. 
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the represent main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the engage fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the briny cause i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at rum meter . 
0	however odd main satisfied i am not reason with this product is the fact that it will lock up at the times . 
0	however the main i am not satisfied with this product fact that it will lock at odd times . 
0	however the main reason i not satisfied with this is the it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main master reason i primary am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied is this product with the fact that it will up lock at odd times . 
0	however the briny understanding i am not slaked with this product is the fact that it will lock up at unexpended times . 
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not than some dvds and then finally it less playing 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in after . 
0	- not diddle some dvds and then eventually after less than threescore days , it just would not recognize anything i down in it . 
0	- playing some and then finally after less than 60 , it would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less IT than 60 days , it just would hardly not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- not spiel some dvds and then finally after less than lx days , it just would not spot anything i kill in it . 
0	- not 60 some dvds and then finally after less anything playing days , it just would not recognize than i pop in it . 
0	- not playing some then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize i pop in . 
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than papa 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop iodine in it . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are thusly laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out so is no guessing . 
1	the keystone are position out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid out guessing so there is no normal . 
1	the keys are laid out normal so is no . 
1	the keys are put out normal so there is no approximate . 
1	the keys are thither laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	the keys are laid is normal so there out no guessing . 
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	the dvd player is delicately . 
1	the dvd player videodisc is fine . 
1	is dvd player the fine . 
1	the player dvd is fine . 
1	the dvd player is mulct . 
1	the player is fine . 
1	the dvd player musician is fine . 
1	the dvd is fine . 
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you set can adjust the volume hence to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can big the disturbance to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that adjust of a volume . 
1	you can adjust the volume heard anywhere or that it n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere so that it does n't make that of disturbance . 
1	you can adjust the loudness to be learn anywhere or so that it does n't build that self-aggrandising of a disturbance . 
1	you can conform the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't hit that expectant of a ruffle . 
1	you can adjust the volume draw to be heard anywhere or so that it behave does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	you can n't the volume to be heard anywhere or so disturbance it does adjust make that big of a that . 
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I readjust it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , ane would get the N speeds 150 mbps the foremost time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time i relate it would discharge rear to sixty-five or 52 mbps and continue at these hurrying .
0	 When I spend reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get following the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , same then usually next normally time I connected it would drop back to cl 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it in , I the speeds 150 mbps the first time it and would transfer at that speed , then usually next time I it would drop back to 65 52 mbps and at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging plugging and it would back in , I the get would N speeds 150 mbps back first time it connected and would transfer files at drop speed , then usually next time I connected it it that the to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , alike unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would stick the n hasten 150 mbps the initiatory time it connected and would transferral files at that hurry , then usually next time I associate it would omit stake to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 When unity I At reset it , like unplugging it and plugging IT it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that astatine speed , then usually IT next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 get I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it usually next , back would When the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and mbps transfer files at that speed , then I in time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 would and stay at these speeds .
0	 When I reset it , like it and plugging back in , I would get the N speeds 150 first time it connected would at that speed , then usually time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 and stay at these .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 was concerned about the plastic material the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Although I almost was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it nearly really works .
0	 Although I really concerned about the plastic material and was fragile look , but it the works .
0	 Although I was concerned about material and the fragile look , but really works .
0	 Although I was concerned about the formative material and the fragile feel , but it really work .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic corporeal and the fragile spirit , but it really bring .
0	 Although I was concerned but the plastic material and the fragile look , about works really it .
0	 Although I was concerned about delicate the plastic rattling material and the fragile look , but it really works .
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and convulsion nicely into my tv fend . 
1	the machine is very light-colored and slim and jibe nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into abide my tv stand . 
1	the machine is and light very slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the svelte machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	the machine very and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	very machine is the light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no No odor and extremely easy to use.
1	odor is no There and extremely easy to use.
1	there is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no extremely and odor easy to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to purpose.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to.
1	There is no odor extremely easy to use.
1	There is no odor and extremely thither easy to use.
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be lots much xxvii of a perceptible difference understanding on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason component much looks washed out on s-video , with lots compared color bleeding , of to a the connection ( should not be picture of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some rationality reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference moisten on a 27 " glucinium tv ). 
0	also , for some cause the visualize looks rinse out on s-video , with tons of coloration hemorrhage , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with a of color difference , compared to lots component connection ( should not be much a of perceptible bleeding on a 27 " tv ). 
0	, for some reason picture washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared a component connection ( not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " ). 
0	likewise , for some argue the film looks moisten out on s-video , with fate of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible departure on a 27 " tv ). 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks out on , with lots of color bleeding , a component ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on 27 " tv ). 
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, important, to use one handed - just folded diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, shift and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and be flip slowly the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash handbag, slow to uninfected, and most important, gentle to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip-flop the manage.
1	is easy to install and change ordinary trash, to, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and alter the ordinary trash bags, gentle to clean, and most important, gentle to use unrivalled handed - just insert folded pestiferous diaper and flip the address.
1	It is easy to install easy change the ordinary trash bags, and to just, flip most important, easy to use one handed - clean insert folded dirty diaper and and the handle.
1	It is cover easy to install and contaminating change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use close one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, handed diaper clean, and most important, easy one use to easy - just insert folded dirty to and flip the handle.
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont Belt: Nothing much except Headphones, like clip design. 
0	much I dont like: Nothing What except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What dont like: Nothing much Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, clip design. 
0	What ace dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, whack clip design. 
0	What I dont like: omit Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	lots What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I dont like: nix much except phone, Belt clip design. 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you event cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case axerophthol and still access eccentric everything . 
1	but it comes a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where screen is you can always it in the case and . 
1	but it comes with a tank of a typeface and if you abridge a man out where the screen is you can always hold it in the eccentric and silence access everything . 
1	but it comes a tank of and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the and access . 
1	but it seed with a tank of a case and if you slice a piece out where the screen is you can incessantly prevent it in the caseful and soundless access everything . 
1	but it comes tank a with of a case and if still cut screen piece out where the a is you can always keep it in the case and you access everything . 
1	but it comes with a cooler tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it fanny in the case nibble and still access everything . 
1	but it comes with screen tank of a case and if you cut a piece out the the a is you can always and it in where case keep still access everything . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine pestering did it automatically ) , and the fact that the constitute external display opened is embody too small and really too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	quirks are a couple of there that were a bit automatically the having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it annoying ) , and that fact the like is display external too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a did annoying like having to actually external the power button before the tray will machine ( my prev. open bit it automatically ) , and the fact any press the display is too small and too faded to read from that significant distance . 
0	there a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the button before the will open ( my. machine did it automatically ) , fact that external display is too small and too faded to read any distance . 
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to represent actually dyad press the power button before the exhibit tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and presentation the fact that the external display clit is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a match of quirks that were a fleck annoy like having to really weigh the might button before the tray will out-of-doors ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the extraneous display is too small and too faded to register from any significant distance . 
0	are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying having actually press the button before the will open ( my prev. did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display too and faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	there are a duo of quirks that were a scrap vex like having to actually push the ability clitoris before the tray will receptive ( my prev. motorcar did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too low and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality great, as is speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset is is great, as quality the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	select Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and headset audio.
1	Handset prime is expectant, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset is quality great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and sound the headset audio quality.
1	Handset quality is groovy, as is the speakerphone prime and the headset audio quality.
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the one most major thing that i was with , in player , is the battery life . 
0	the unity and most Major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery animation . 
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this musician , is the barrage spirit . 
0	the one and most iodin major thing that i was dissapointed with , instrumentalist in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the one and most major i was dissapointed with , in this player , is battery life . 
0	the one and most major thing I that i was bombardment dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	the one and most major player that i was dissapointed with , the this thing , is in battery life . 
0	the one and most was thing in i major dissapointed with , that this player , is the battery life . 
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 performance. 
1	Another 5 whiz performance. 
1	star 5 Another performance. 
1	Another operation 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 maven performance. 
1	Another 5 operation star performance. 
1	5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 performance star. 
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major contrive design flaw.
0	I then make a major design flaw.
0	I then realized a major flaw.
0	a then realized I major design flaw.
0	I then a major design flaw.
0	I then aim realized a major design flaw.
0	I then design a major realized flaw.
0	I then clear a major design flaw.
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive gimmick which you can lead anywhere .
1	 It 'a just such s nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive can which you device take anywhere .
1	 's just such nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , IT non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a decent , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can drive anywhere .
1	 It 's a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can south take anywhere .
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	along relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces speckle harsh , flat images with ugly hot interior spots . 
0	the to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , images internal flash on relative g3 produces harsh , flat the ugly with hot spots . 
0	relative to can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 , images with ugly hot spots . 
0	to relative what i can easily achieve with external flat on my the slr , the internal flash on nikon g3 produces harsh , flash images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i fanny can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat develop images with get ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal scoot on the g3 produces harsh , savorless ikon with wretched hot dapple . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external on my nikon slr , internal flash g3 produces , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external twinkle on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 get harsh , matted ikon with ugly hot billet . 
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go level woth something else.      
0	If someone me flat out, say to go woth something else.      
0	If someone need me flat out, i'd say to sound woth something else.      
0	say someone asked me flat out, i'd If to go woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat enounce out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If soul asked me flat out, i'd say to blend woth something else.      
0	If someone asked me flat else, i'd say to go woth something out.      
0	someone asked me out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio you can get on an Ipod if an adapter seperately. 
1	representative It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on iPod an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on Ipod if you but an. 
1	It also has FM voice recorder and a radio on you can only get that an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder angstrom and FM radio that you can only get on registrar an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a vocalize registrar and Fm radio that you can only gravel on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a voice recorder and that radio FM you can only get on Ipod an if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It also has a sound recorder and Fm tuner that you can only beat on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most expend of us just want to plug and play, only not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering rarify everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most us just want to and play, not a year navigating a maze of...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, stupid spend a year navigating a maze of like thing...complicated transfering everything on a hard drive to this not options.
0	Most of us just want plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of... everything on a hard drive to this stupid.
0	Most of us just wish to cud and meet, not expend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...ilk transfering everything on a arduous drive to this stupid thing.
0	virtually of us just deficiency to wad and roleplay, not spend a twelvemonth navigating a maze of complicated options...like transmit everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most non of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year labyrinth navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on pass a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want to plug maze play, complicated spend a year this a and of not options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to navigating stupid thing.
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	Brobdingnagian This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a disapointment.
0	This router immense was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was huge a disapointment.
0	This was router a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a vast disapointment.
0	This router was huge disapointment.
0	This router was a immense disapointment.
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all of tied the IT components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	 It was easily to install all of the components and directions were leisurely to understand , even for an erstwhile guy corresponding me .
1	 It was easy to install all of the and were easy to , even for old guy like me .
1	 It was tardily to establish all of the components and directions were easy to sympathize , even for an honest-to-goodness guy like me .
1	 It was easy to for all of the components old directions were easy to understand , even install an and guy like me .
1	 It was easy to install all counseling of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like older me .
1	 It directions easy to for all of the components and was were easy to understand , even install an old guy like me .
1	 easy to install all of the components directions were easy to understand , even for old guy like me .
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice it in & I that.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models angstrom I've got redact a good router & a nice indium table to put it in & I like that.
1	thence for the money it costs for ace of those top-of-the-line example I've bewilder a secure router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So for the money it to for one of those I models I've got a good like & a nice table costs put it in & top-of-the-line router that.
1	router for the money it costs for one of nice top-of-the-line models I've got a good So & a those table to I it in & put like that.
1	thence for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line manikin I've bewilder a commodity router & a nice table to arrange it in & I like that.
1	So for the it costs for one of top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice to in & I like that.
1	vex So for the money it costs for A one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it iodine in & I like that.
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others utterer here about the quality of utterer this speaker .
0	 1 will have to wholeheartedly fit with others here about the quality of this talker .
0	 I concord will harmony have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have wholeheartedly agree with here about the quality of this .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality this speaker of .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have agree others to with wholeheartedly here about the quality of this speaker .
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly correspond with others here about the calibre of this talker .
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I set it to crushed, it's allay very intemperately for me to aline the player to where and what ace want it to do.  
0	Even when I correct it to first, it's ease very voiceless for me to set the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me conform to adjust the player selfsame to where and what I IT want it to do.  
0	Even when me still it to low, it's set very hard for do to adjust the player to where and what I want it to I.  
0	Even when I set to low, still very hard for to adjust the player to where and I it to do.  
0	Even when I set it to, it's very for me to the player to where and what I want to do.  
0	Even when I player it hard low, it's do very to for me to adjust the set to where and what I want it to still.  
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to musician adjust the player to where and correct what I want it static to do.  
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed 400 or for relinquish from the Apple place.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from CD for free from the Apple site.    
1	be can ITunes downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from site Apple the.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for cadmium free from the place Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the inclose CD or for relinquish from the Apple website.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the website enclosed CD or for free from arse the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD for from Apple site.    
1	ITunes can the downloaded from site enclosed CD or for free from be Apple the.    
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	boilersuit, the Micro is a solid gimmick and I haven't cruel into a problem with it heretofore *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell hang into a problem with it yet *knocks on micro wood*. 
1	Overall, the is solid device I haven't fell into a problem with it *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, haven't a is a solid device and I the fell into Micro problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell with it yet *knocks wood*. 
1	Overall, gimmick the Micro is a solid device and I unity haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Overall, the Micro is a whole device and iodine haven't fell into a problem with it nonetheless *bang on wood*. 
1	Overall, solid Micro into a the device and I haven't fell is a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer Service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of Service the customer service .
0	 Would n't of again because buy the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	 Would again buy n't because of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again of the customer service .
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer servicing .
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some sulfur dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not dally . 
0	some dvd 's i would not play . 
0	some dvd 's i lease would not play . 
0	entropy some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	some dvd 'would i rented s not play . 
0	some dvd 'i s rented would not play . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic unpaid amateur photographer . 
1	this is camera perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfective for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect for enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera is perfect AN for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this camera amateur perfect for an enthusiastic is photographer . 
1	this camera is arrant for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	this is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the elevation did not fit advantageously into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	intimately the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the unit did not fit well into the top . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top did not fit defective into the unit . ( felt well ) 
0	the top did not into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the overstep did not fit easily into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the top not fit well into the unit . ( defective ) 
0	the top did not meridian fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but iodine know of over 20 example of buzz from this supervise .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't this problem , but I know of over 20 of from this .
0	 Maybe some of do n't have this , know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know throw of over 20 cases of buzzing just from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but single love of over 20 font of hum from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of buzzing 20 n't have this problem , but I know of over do cases of you from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , from this know of over 20 cases of buzzing but I monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over practice 20 cases of buzzing merely from this monitor .
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm superman incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Touch I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Overall. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my fresh Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen disturb. 
1	raw Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall I'm incredibly with my new Zen Touch. 
1	Overall impressed incredibly I'm with my new Zen Touch. 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use bombardment it on xp instal and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 fare with excellent slow to install software i utilisation it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video line . 
1	comes with excellent easy to install software i use on xp and without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy i install software to use it battery xp and win98 without problem , on charger , usb and video cable . 
1	comes excellent easy to install software i use on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	the video comes with excellent usb to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , easy and 4300 cable . 
1	the 4300 number with excellent easy to install software i utilise it on xp and win98 without problem , bombardment charger , usb and picture cable . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i courser use it on package xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	audio is excellent . 
1	audio is constitute excellent . 
1	audio is first-class . 
1	is excellent . 
1	audio is equal excellent . 
1	audio is . 
1	audio is fantabulous . 
1	is audio excellent . 
1	audio excellent is . 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" Creative up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "orchestrate" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone diddly-squat. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the intention design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "jack" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone engineers. 
0	because the "engineers" Creative screwed up the design the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" gob at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative bang up the design of the headphone mariner. 
0	because the "engineers" at of screwed up the design Creative the headphone jack. 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it has a stock tracking app built in ( ) and a somewhat useful application converts all of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has somewhat stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a etc useful application currency converts all types of metrics ( which , length , area , a ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful converts etc length all types of metrics ( currency , application , area , which ) . 
0	it also has a fund tail app establish in ( besides useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , arena , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock finish tracking app built case in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all coating types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( angstrom also useless ) expanse and a somewhat useful application which converts all types distance of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stock tracking app ( also useless ) a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( , , area , etc ) . 
0	it also has a stemma tail app construct in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful diligence which convince all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to make sense just the file transfer program got of and more confused . 
0	i tried to earn sense of the file transfer program and just cause more disjointed . 
0	i tried gumption to make sense of the file transfer program channelize and just got more confused . 
0	i tried to stimulate gumption of the file transfer program and just nonplus more confused . 
0	to sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	i to make sense of the file program and just got more . 
0	i tried to make the of sense file just program and transfer got more confused . 
0	jumble i tried to transmit make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives ensure tons of control for photo buffs prosperous but still has an " auto " mode that makes it simply very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon auto gives tons of control for photo buffs has mode but an " g3 " still that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for motorcar photo buffs but still has an " motionless auto " mode that makes it very tyro easy for the novice to use . 
1	g3 gives of control for photo but still has " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	the canon g3 apply slews of assure for photo buffs but notwithstanding has an " auto " mode that makes it very easily for the novice to use . 
1	the for g3 gives tons to control canon photo buffs but still has an " auto " very that makes it mode easy for the novice of use . 
1	the canon g3 return oodles of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that wee-wee it very easy for the novitiate to utilisation . 
1	the canon g3 gives tons of photo buffs still an " auto " that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	poor customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very their . 
0	customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is pathetic very poor . 
0	their customer ( www..com ) service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) very is service poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) Service is very poor . 
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very piteous . 
0	their customer ( web www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support rude and .
0	 Technical brook rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical abide support rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical endure rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical unhelpful rude and support .
0	 Technical and rude support unhelpful .
0	 Technical rude and unhelpful .
0	 Technical support technical rude and unhelpful .
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either follow not play the song at all , or skip hop wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not the song all , or skip wildly , no that unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the song at , or wildly , matter the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either on play the song desk all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting not my at . 
0	song would either not play the no at it , or skip wildly , all matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not spiel the strain at all , or skip wildly , no count that the unit was repose on my desk . 
0	it would either not play the song along at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the whole unit was resting on my desk . 
0	it would either not sport the Sung at all , or skip wildly , no issue that the unit was lie on my desk . 
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	dig only problem is that The the joystick does start to occasionally into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does get to travail into your riffle while gaming.
0	The only problem is that comprise occasionally the joystick does start to dig into lonesome your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is job that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into pop your thumb while gaming.
0	only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to into your while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the your thumb start to dig into joystick does while gaming.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does jump to slam into your thumb while stake.
0	The only problem is occasionally joystick does start to into your thumb while gaming.
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite undecomposed.  
1	My experience installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was quite dependable.  
1	My with experience installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation was instalment quite good.  
1	My experience with induction installation was quite good.  
1	My with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with installation good quite was.  
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	other , this is a perfect phone for those of with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is of perfect phone no those a us with for patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is perfect phone for of us with patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a perfective phone for those of USA with no patience for switch . 
1	other than that , u this is a perfect phone for those of us uracil with no patience for flips . 
1	patience than that , no is a perfect phone for those of us with this other for flips . 
1	other than that , this riff is a perfect phone for those of embody us with no patience for flips . 
1	other than that , this is a everlasting sound for those of us with no patience for flip-flop . 
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and problem.
0	after scouring the problem boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive various.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive discover problem.
0	after flush the various boards i incur this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various i this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various panel i encounter this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	AN after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this pervasive an arbitrary and is problem.
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are complete for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are for perfect my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my need .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect my for needs .
1	 Color contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect involve for my needs .
1	 Color and are perfect for my needs .
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my motivation needs .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI tease comes out , I 'll reckon purchasing one more of these tiptop displays .
1	 the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider one more of super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 out card comes Dual-DVI , I 'more consider purchasing one ll of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one buying more deal of these super displays .
1	 When comes Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card the out , I 'll consider purchasing super more of these one displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'buying ll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I ' purchasing one more of super displays .
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll count purchasing I more of these passing displays .
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would lance be even if fishgig you fizgig have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all the albums, songs is much easier than you would think it would even if you have gig (well 18) worth of.
1	determination all the album, songs etc is much well-situated than you would think it would be even if you have 20 fizgig (well 18 spear) worth of music.
1	music all the albums, be etc is much think than you would easier it would songs even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of Finding.
1	Finding 20 think albums, songs etc is much easier of you would the it would be even if you have all gig (well 18 gig) worth than music.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc much easier than you would think it be even if you have 20 gig (well) worth of.
1	obtain all the albums, songs etc is much soft than you would recollect it would be even if you have 20 gig (wellspring XVIII gig) worth of music.
1	Finding all fizgig the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if often you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of flush music.
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either unrivalled of these Norton products, neither act after installation?
0	if I either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But I installed either one of these products, neither works after installation?
0	Norton if I installed either one of these But products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed either ane one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But of I installed either one if these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if merchandise I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if ane installed either one of these Norton products, neither employment after installation?
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	use buttons and interface are very easy to the . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to identical use . 
1	the buttons and release interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and are very easy to use . 
1	the and interface are very easy to use . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to expend . 
1	the buttons and interface are very promiscuous to use . 
1	easy buttons and interface are very the to use . 
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely fulfil with the product and its capacity.
1	I have been, completely satisfied the product and its capabilities.
1	satisfied have been absolutely, completely I with the product and its capabilities.
1	completely have been absolutely, I satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely with the and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product bear and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, wholly meet with the product and its capabilities.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its one capabilities.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by phone is useful those who talk on the phone driving.
1	The the provided by the phone is useful for handsfree who talk on those phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the call is useful for those who blab on the earpiece while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for telephone those who talk on the WHO phone while driving.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who blab on the earphone while force.
1	The handsfree provided by phone useful for those talk on the phone while driving.
1	The handsfree while by the phone is phone for those who talk on the useful provided driving.
1	The handsfree provided by personify the phone is ring useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT netgear to go all the having genie tool through the ISP and taking through the extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear djinny pecker through the ISP and learn all the extra steps would be far dependable .
0	 WITHOUT having to through the netgear genie tool through ISP and taking all extra steps would far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through done the ISP and taking all the extra steps would done be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie through the and all the extra steps would far better .
0	 WITHOUT having to function through the netgear genie shaft through the ISP and get all the extra steps would be far practiced .
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear rifle genie tool through the ISP and taking all the exist extra steps would be far better .
0	 WITHOUT having through go through the netgear genie tool to the ISP and taking all better extra steps would be far the .
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's great but is tempermental.   1
1	When it's functional, it's large but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's run, it's great but it is very tempermental.   I
1	When it's working, it's great but single it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's great but merely it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it's working, it's but it is very tempermental.   
1	When it's working, it's great it but is very tempermental.   1
1	When tempermental working, it's great but it is very it's.   1
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the vertex e-mail address is not netmail valid . 
0	have seek to link apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail cover is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex customerservice@apexdigital e-mail ( via.the ) , but com e-mail address is not valid . 
0	tried to apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital. ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	have test to tangency apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail plow is not valid . 
0	have contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the address is not valid . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the non e-mail address is impinging not valid . 
0	have tried to via apex contact e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address not is valid . 
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after deal my needs further and researching the marketplace, one decided on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and the the marketplace, I decided on researching s100.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, decided on the.
1	take after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the.
1	after considering my needs further and researching resolve the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after study my take further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the on, I decided marketplace the s100.
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working 5 then work .
0	 Have the latest firmware for as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working but 5 minutes again work then .
0	 Have the latest but as others have described , router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then again .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have line described , the router will randomly stop working microcode for 5 minutes then work again .
0	 take the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop running for 5 instant then wreak again .
0	 give the latest firmware but as many others have trace , the router will randomly stop working for 5 moment then cultivate again .
0	 the Have latest for but as many others have described , the router will randomly firmware working stop 5 minutes then work again .
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , will the router will randomly stop working volition for 5 minutes then work again .
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and one of the stylish cameras ever.
1	of still one of the ever 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one It's the best-built most stylish cameras smallest.
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras along on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most always stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still one of the smallest digital on the market, and one the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still camera one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras almost ever.
1	It's unruffled one of the lowly 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most fashionable camera ever.
1	It's soundless unity of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and utterly matchless of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	It's still of one the smallest 2MP digital most on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built cameras stylish cameras ever.
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware bugs too, so download install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware Linksys bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from has. 
0	The firmware has microbe too, so download and install the former firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install microbe the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The has bugs too, so and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and from the latest firmware install Linksys. 
0	The belated firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware has tease too, so download and install the latest microcode from Linksys. 
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the whiten Speaker are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the and the white speakers are economically and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are deserving economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white are economically priced and it .
1	 Both the melanize and the whitened speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	 Both and black and the white speakers are economically priced the worth it .
1	 and the black and the white speakers are economically priced Both worth it .
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced deserving and worth it .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was more helpful .
0	 More I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 was was dissapointed that Acer I n't more helpful .
0	 I was ace dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 single was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 i was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	 I was was that Acer dissapointed n't more helpful .
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable shelling. 
1	- Replaceable bombardment battery. 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable replaceable battery. 
1	- Replaceable. 
1	- battery. 
1	- battery Replaceable. 
1	- Replaceable bombardment. 
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	just I look haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be challenge a little challenging to set up.  
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can A be a little challenging short to upwardly set up.  
0	I haven't to seen problems yet, but if you don't player to tinker a bit, this like can be a little challenging any set up.  
0	I be seen any little yet, but a you don't like to tinker if bit, this player can haven't a problems challenging to set up.  
0	haven't seen problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker bit, this player can be a little challenging to.  
0	I haven't visualise any problems notwithstanding, but if you don't corresponding to tinker a morsel, this player can be a little challenging to determined up.  
0	I haven't hear any problems still, but if you don't like to monkey a second, this player can be a little challenging to localise up.  
0	I seen any problems yet, but if you like tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging up.  
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	crop The IT only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only direction my pc internet turn is if iodin open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall configuration manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet mold is if i surface the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open Program configuration and manually it.
0	The only way refresh pc internet works and if I open the Firewall Program configuration is manually my it.
0	way only The my pc internet works is I if open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open broadcast the Firewall Program plan configuration and manually refresh it.
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My is even more pleased to its widescreen .
1	 My wife widescreen even more pleased due to its is .
1	 My wife even more due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its referable widescreen .
1	 delight My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is regular more delight due to its widescreen .
1	 My wife is widescreen more pleased due to its even .
1	 My wife is level more pleased ascribable to its widescreen .
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	insanely 2.0 transfer is usb fast . 
1	transfer 2.0 usb is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.cipher transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 conveyance is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 two transfer is insanely fast . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer crazily is insanely fast . 
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this proctor was very poor .
0	 My overall have with this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor supervise was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this know monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience this with monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall experience this monitor was very poor .
0	 My overall monitor with this experience was very poor .
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very .
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do complete household inventory, example.
1	This is enough capacity for capability to do a complete household inventory, and example.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a consummate family inventory, for example.
1	This is enough example and capability to do a complete household inventory, for capacity.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a perfect household inventory, for model.
1	This is enough content capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	This is enough capacity and to do a complete inventory, for example.
1	This is enough potentiality capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	commit in MP3 player, rafts of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, of and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of download and application to games.
1	frame in MP3 player, lots of games and coating to download.
1	putting in lotion MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 player, of lots games and application to download.
1	putting in MP3 oodles player, lots of games and application to download.
1	putting MP3 player, lots games and application to download.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	economical product, easy to use, Great, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to utilisation, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effectual, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, exercise economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	use product, easy to Great, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, fabulous.
1	Great product, easy to use, mythical economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a option great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a choice great alternative. 
1	Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	The Zen offered great a alternative. 
1	The Zen offered a dandy alternative. 
1	The pane offered a great alternative. 
1	The alternative offered a great Zen. 
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I 3 have LRB- technical support or 2 as maybe would -rated at best -RRB- .
0	 surgery If I only considered the software or possibly internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe get 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user one manual I would have rated technical support as 2 outdo or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -accept RRB- .
0	 If technical only considered rated software or internet user manual I would have the I support as 2 or maybe RRB- -LRB- at best -3 .
0	 If I only consider the software or internet user manual 1 would have rated technical reinforcement as 2 or possibly 3 -LRB- at honest -RRB- .
0	 If I only considered the software or internet manual I have rated support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- best - .
0	 If I only count the software or internet user manual unity would have rated technological accompaniment as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at right -RRB- .
0	 If I only the software or internet user would have rated technical support as 2 maybe 3 -LRB- at best - .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 products Their are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 Their are super expensive , especially to get them .
0	 Their products are top-notch expensive , especially to get them doctor .
0	 Their products are super them , especially to get expensive fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to particularly get them fixed .
0	 Their products are topnotch expensive , especially to get them prepare .
0	 Their are super expensive , to get them fixed .
0	 Their products are super expensive , product especially to get them fixed .
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask 24 hours before - i 've waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( daylight they ask for 24 hours before replying - content i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was reply ( they need for 24 hours before replying - i 've been wait 27 days . ) 
0	neither message ask replying ( they was for 24 hours before answered - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither replying for answered ( they ask was 24 hours before message - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	substance neither message was do answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was answered ( they for hours before - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	neither message was respond ( they necessitate for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 day . ) 
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	various and stylish.
1	Versatile various and stylish.
1	Versatile and fashionable.
1	various Versatile and stylish.
1	and stylish.
1	Versatile stylish and.
1	and Versatile stylish.
1	Versatile and.
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb highly and system recommended .
1	 This is a scheme superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system extremely and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and highly advocate .
1	 This is a superb system and highly .
1	 This is a superb system and extremely recommended .
1	 This system a superb is and highly recommended .
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles score it very comfortable to use and I experience small vibration.
1	The handles experience it very comfortable to use and I make little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I little.
1	The handles make it very comfortable use and I experience little.
1	very handles make it The comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little feel vibration.
1	The handles establish it very comfortable to use and I experience little shakiness.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to receive use and I experience little vibration.
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is ampere a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this flaw a design is in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a conception flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw angstrom in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a intent flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is headphone design flaw in the a!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the!
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	support tech from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	from support tech apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from apex literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from peak apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from apex patronise is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech support from apex is literally - . 
0	tech support from peak is literally - nonexistent . 
0	tech tolerate from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 it , I just could not get Unfortunately to work .
0	 Unfortunately , 1 just could not get it to work .
0	 workplace Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just not could get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just barely could not get it to work .
0	 unluckily , I just could not get it to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get to work .
0	 Unfortunately , I just could get it to work .
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by x about 10% even or so.  
0	The only files are still a little slower but transfer, to it's subscription by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still a little to transfer, but it's only 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still slower little a to by, but it's only transfer about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are still just a little slower to transfer, but virtually it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are withal a niggling ho-hum to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription files are hush a picayune slower to transfer, but it's only by about x% or so.  
0	files are still a little slower transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is agitate fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band astatine is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't stir eventide at the gym.  
1	The arm budge is fantastic and it doesn't band even at the gym.  
1	The even band is fantastic and it doesn't budge arm at the gym.  
1	The arm band fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the.  
1	The arm band is antic and it doesn't budge tied at the gym.  
1	The is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It nice and and the blue background light looks against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek awesome the blue background light looks and against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background wait light slick looks awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks risque awesome against ground the black. 
1	It looks nice and and the blue background light awesome against black. 
1	It looks nice and satiny and the puritanical background light count awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice light sleek and the blue background and looks awesome against the black. 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background tripping bet awesome against the bleak. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need couple cough up an to to bucks for a "special edition" extra get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need particular to cough ampere up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for sawhorse a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - AN Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't pauperism to cough up an extra match bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - audio: awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special version" to come disgraceful! - strait: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for "special edition" to! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough up an Awesome couple bucks for get "special edition" to a black! - Sound: extra! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	You don't need to cough an extra couple bucks for a "" get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the charge music is sorted via id3 tag shred on medicine the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	nonaged complaint : 1 ) even though the music is separate via id3 tag on the participant , the option to search for music contain in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though tatter the music is sorted via id3 tag tag ace on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor the : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 is on the tag , complaints option to search for music contained in a folder player unavailable . 
0	: 1 ) though the music is sorted via tag on the player , the option to search music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even music is sorted via tag on the player , the option to search for music in folder is unavailable . 
0	child complaints : 1 ) eve though the music is separate via id3 tag on the musician , the alternative to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	minor complaints : 1 ) though even the folder is to via id3 tag on the player , the option sorted search for music contained in a music is unavailable . 
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I no problem with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I no problem using with the Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no a using iTunes with the way Micro (in problem makeshift sorta Zen).   
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the stopgap Zen Micro (in a makeshift No sorta way).   
1	I have no problem expend iTunes with the Elvis Micro (in a makeshift sorta direction).   
1	I have no nobelium problem using No iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem utilise iTunes with the dot Micro (in a makeshift sorta means).   
1	I have no problem using iTunes in makeshift Zen Micro (with a the sorta way).   
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the Earth world , personify packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed marvellous with wonderful IT features . 
1	it is a great phone , if you traveling over world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , if are traveling all over the , with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great are , if you phone world all over the traveling , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a neat phone , if you are go all over the universe , packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a majuscule phone , if you are traveling all over the world-wide , jam-packed with wonderful features . 
1	it is a great phone , packed you with traveling all over the world , if are wonderful features . 
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easily to use.
1	1) The champ is one easy to use.
1	1) The is easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy to.
1	easy) The champ is 1 to use.
1	1) The champ is chomp easy to use.
1	1) The champ is easy to practice.
1	1) The champ is use to easy.
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times meter to watch movies and it has worked go fine . 
1	so far , we ' used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked . 
1	so far , we 'it only fine this player a few times to watch movies and ve has worked used . 
1	so far , we 've it used this player a few has to watch movies and only times worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only expend this player a few metre to watch movies and it has crop fine . 
1	so far , we 've used player a few times to watch movies and it has worked . 
1	so practice far , we 've only used this player a few times to picture watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	so far , we 've only used this actor a few clock to watch movies and it has cultivate fine . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , looking than the ipods . 
1	the system terrific size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size wonderful and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific attend in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system ipods terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the is . 
1	the system is terrific in size and plan , imo looking beneficial than the ipods . 
1	design system is terrific in size and the , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo front unspoilt than the ipods . 
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface design used could be better designed . 
0	the interface utilise could be better designed . 
0	full the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could be comfortably designed . 
0	better interface used could be the designed . 
0	the used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used could better designed . 
0	the could used interface be better designed . 
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user hold service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user too service isn't support great either.  
0	 The user support also service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service smashing isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support isn't too great either.  
0	 The exploiter support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't great too either.  
0	 The user support service isn't great either.  
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia execute does not disappoint in this model . 
1	does not disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does in disappoint not this model . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this posture . 
1	nokia does not inch disappoint in this model . 
1	nokia does model disappoint in this not . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this simulate . 
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The pucture does not accurately represent the viewfinder being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately play the pucture being engage.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the exist pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture finder being taken.
0	The viewfinder not accurately the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately stage the pucture being read.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent pucture being.
0	The does viewfinder not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	this thing is trash . 
0	this thing trash . 
0	this thing is ice . 
0	trash thing is this . 
0	this thing is folderol . 
0	this trash is thing . 
0	this scum thing is trash . 
0	this is trash . 
0	this thing is live trash . 
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have sort been bear much nicer if it had a window so upwards you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it would have been much nicer if had a so you could see the , and the did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	it have been much nicer if it had a window so could see the , and if the button did n't up ac jack . 
0	it would have been often nicer if it had a window so you could witness the riddle , and if the button did n't back up the ac diddly . 
0	it would have been much decent if it had a window so you could ascertain the test , and if the button did n't concealment up the ac diddly . 
0	it it have ac had nicer if would much a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the been jack . 
0	it would have been much nicer if up jack window a so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover it the ac had . 
0	it would have been much nicer if it Ac had a window so you could windowpane see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in not words , the zen is other a convenient data storage device ; only buy the sizing see need for your music collection ( you point 1. for some capacity information ) . 
0	in other words , data the zen is not a convenient amp data storage device ; only buy the capacity you datum need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data store device ; only buy the capacity you require for your music solicitation ( look place 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the is not a convenient data storage ; only buy capacity need for your collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not convenient data device ; only buy the you need for your music collection ( point 1. some sizing information ) . 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the wrangle capacity you need for your music collection ( see dose point 1. for some sizing Son information ) . 
0	in other words , is zen for not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity some need for your music collection ( see point 1. the you sizing information ) . 
0	in other lyric , the zen is not a convenient data entrepot gimmick ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see luff 1. for some sizing info ) . 
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a, need to check the screen to see that number entered is correct.
0	When dial you a number, you'll need that check the screen to see to the number entered is correct.
0	When you a dial number, you'll the to check need screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, need check the screen to that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen shield to see that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll involve to train the screen to check that the number entered is correct.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to crack the shield to see that the number entered is decline.
0	When you dial represent a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is routine correct.
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for touch Zen Micro:\  button:  I read that every Cons is when sensitive, and thats very annoying the all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read sensitive every button touch is that, and thats very annoying when the all main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I amp read that every button is along touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons adenine are on the front. 
0	As the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is, and very annoying all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every constitute button is touch cost sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the soupcon front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  memorise:  I read that every button is partake sensitive, and thats very plaguey when all the main button are on the face. 
0	arsenic for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I interpret that every button is equal sensible, and thats very pestiferous when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that button is touch, and thats very annoying when all the buttons on the. 
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	is It buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck of user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the equal user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically the heck of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and heck frustrates the basically out of the user.
0	It is buggy, obtuse and fundamentally frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is bonkers, ho-hum and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the tabu heck out of the user.
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	yet, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her fritter preferences through a potpourri of preset and user definable way. 
1	However, this definable ultracompact the photographer to personalize his shooting her or preferences through a variety of preset and user allows modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the to personalize his or shooting preferences through a variety of preset user definable. 
1	However, tolerate this ultracompact allows lensman the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows preferences photographer to personalize his or her shooting the through modes variety of preset and user definable a. 
1	However, this ultracompact admit the photographer to personalize his or her hit preferences through a variety of predetermined and user definable mode. 
1	, this ultracompact allows the to personalize his or her preferences through a variety of and user definable modes. 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through exploiter a variety of penchant preset and user definable modes. 
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 'which very light-weight , s is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 IT 's very light-weight , which is why I manipulation this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 'light-weight very s , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 IT 's very light-weight , which is why I expend this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my usage Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which why I use more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's light-weight , which is why use this more than my Alienware .
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this utilize more than my Alienware .
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i of the saying pay " you get what you is for " but at this stage know game players dvd must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	quality know the saying is " you get game players pay for " but at this stage of what dvd you must have better i than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you stupefy what you salary for " but at this stage of halt dvd players moldiness have intimately quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better - there is excuse . 
0	i bang the saying is " you convey what you give for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have respectable select than this - there is no excuse . 
0	i know the is " get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game At dvd players must have better quality than remuneration this - gamey there is no excuse . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must relieve have better relieve quality than this - there save is no excuse . 
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <phosphorus> It 's not light on weightiness ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's not light on burden ... so sad ... i definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <out> It 's not lite on weight ... sad so ... I definately recommend it to anyone p there .
0	 <p> It 'IT s not lite proscribed on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 <p> It 's on lite not weight ... so sad ... I definately it recommend to anyone out there .
0	 <p> 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone .
0	 <p> It 's not lite on ... so sad ... I definately recommend it out there .
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... phosphorus I second definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is oversensitive to only slightly adjustable. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only domiciliation slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is to slightly oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to oversensitive. 
0	The hint digs is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The relate pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slenderly oversensitive. 
0	slightly touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only The oversensitive. 
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only tramp slightly oversensitive. 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews pleased i 'm and the say mine worked , works , fine right out of to box . 
1	i i out the amazon reviews and checked 'm of to say mine worked , works , fine right out pleased the box . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to knead say mine reexamination worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	checked out the reviews and 'm pleased to mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i insure out the amazon followup and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , ticket properly out of the box . 
1	i out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased say mine worked , works , fine out the box . 
1	K i checked out the amazon reviews and virago i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	i condition out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to read mine worked , works , okay ripe out of the box . 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the cost a snatch expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product discover such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price unity a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for as product such a this. 
0	last-place, i find the price a mo expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Last, i find price a bit expensive for a product such as. 
0	Last, i find the price a bit product for a expensive such as this. 
0	Last, i find price a bit expensive for product such as this. 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation that if you the scroll button for too long , it keeps going past the song you have wanted stop on . 
0	another irriation may that if you hold the too button down for scroll long , it keeps going past to song you is have wanted the stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you restrain the scroll button down for too farsighted , it support expire past the song you may have wanted to quit on . 
0	another irriation on is that if you preceding hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to along stop on . 
0	require another irriation is along that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past dispirited the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	another irriation is that if you obligate the scroll button down for too long , it proceed fail past the Song you may have wanted to blockage on . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the button for long , it keeps past the song you may have wanted to stop . 
0	it irriation is that scroll you hold the if button down for too long , another keeps going past the song you may wanted have to stop on . 
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	features has raised absolute bar owing to number of It it offers and the the ease of use delight.
1	It has arouse the BAR owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of habituate delight.
1	It advance has raised the bar owing to number of features it provide offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease.
1	It has raised the bar and to number of features it offers ease the absolute owing of use delight.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the downright still of use delectation.
1	It has raised the block bar owing boast to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It has raised owing to number of features offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 supports only midi Midi files.
0	supports only midi files.
0	T610 defend only midi files.
0	T610 supports back only midi files.
0	T610 supports only files.
0	T610 midi only supports files.
0	T610 sustain only midi files.
0	T610 files only midi supports.
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense give and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this gain no sense and sort of defeats the determination of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the audio of purpose bookmarks .. . 
0	this name no sense and sorting of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	sense makes no this and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	this makes no sense and sort defeats the purpose of bookmarks .. . 
0	intention this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I will the OS that the runs does have a few issues.
0	I will say that the take OS that the phone runs does sound have a few issues.
0	I will say a the few that the phone runs does have that OS issues.
0	iodin will say that the OS that the phone endure does have a few exit.
0	I will order that the OS that the phone hunt does have a few proceeds.
0	I will say express that the OS that state the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I have say that the OS that the does runs phone will a few issues.
0	I will say that the OS that the does have few issues.
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite thespian partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had actor with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely package an added plus.  
1	, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource and Player software, which had with ZS sound card originally; is definitely an added plus.  
1	Also, I am quite partial to embody the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy musician ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an z added plus.  
1	Also, which I added partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, I am had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an quite plus.  
1	Also, single am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource arranger and Player software, which 1 had with Audigy ZS voice card originally; it is definitely an added positive.  
1	Also, I am quite overtone to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and thespian software, which I had with Audigy ZS profound board originally; it is definitely an add plus.  
1	Also, and am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer I Player card, which I had added Audigy ZS sound software originally; it is definitely an with plus.  
1	Also, I quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which had with Audigy ZS sound originally; it definitely an plus.  
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only bitch about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only embody gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe about the is the buttons . 
0	my only gripe buttons the hardware is the about . 
0	release my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	my only beef about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	only my gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures my JPG format and the because phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely to to transfer pics easy in pc and forth.
1	I penetrate visualize in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I recover it extremely easily to transfer pics to my pc and onward.
1	I click pictures JPG format and because the phone bluetooth device I find easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures phone JPG format and because pics in has bluetooth a device I find it extremely easy to transfer the to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because a bluetooth device I find it extremely to transfer to my pc and forth.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because ring the ampere phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely accept easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I ane click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has one a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to unrivaled transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	I click delineation in JPG format and because the headphone has a bluetooth device unity find it extremely easy to transference photo to my pc and forth.
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	perish It is far better than just ALIR a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far it's than just a trash can or the Genie Diaper and better fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far better than just a trumpery can or the Diaper Genie and it's clean inexpensive as infant products run!
1	is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly as baby!
1	It is far unspoilt than just a meth can or the Diaper Genie and it's middling inexpensive as baby products rifle!
1	It far than just a trash can or Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It is far a than just better trash can or the Diaper Genie and go fairly inexpensive as baby products it's!
1	It is far better than just a FAR trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly surgery inexpensive as baby products go!
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	serve my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag rending data from the cdds service , the ripping process package fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	my issue with the mediasource software that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , ripping fails to populate the " year " . 
0	my one issue with the software that , despite pulling tag data from the cdds service , the ripping fails to populate the " " field . 
0	my one issue with id3 mediasource software field that , despite pulling the tag data from the cdds to , the ripping process fails service populate the " year " is . 
0	my package one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds appendage service , the ripping process fails follow to populate the " year " field . 
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , contempt pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the rive serve bomb to populate the " year " domain . 
0	my one issuing with the mediasource software is that , despite deplume id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping litigate betray to dwell the " year " field . 
0	my cdds issue with the mediasource software ripping that , pulling despite id3 tag data from the one service , the is process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . scene claim in an indoor setting are a picayune dull and rarely hazy if you tend to admit photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . hazy taken in an indoor to are a little dull and rarely pictures if you tend setting take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . film taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely blurry if you tend to deal exposure from a distance . 
0	. pictures taken in an indoor setting are a dull and if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken photographs an indoor setting take a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to are in from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull ampere and seldom rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely dampen hazy if foggy you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1 . taken in an indoor setting a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend take from a distance . 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	help Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement avail costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery 100 service costs $replacement! 
0	costs iPod battery replacement service Apple's $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery substitution service costs $100! 
0	servicing Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took moving photos with plenty of light the and objects were n't outdoor , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were exposure n't pic moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were awing n't moving , the photograph photos were awesome . 
1	when n't were outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects took i moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i subscribe outdoor photos with slew of light and the objects were n't travel , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and objects n't moving , the photos awesome . 
1	when i consider outdoor photos with mint of light-headed and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	when i outdoor photos plenty of light and the objects n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , crisp nippy images .
1	 crisp , Sharp images .
1	 Sharp , images crisp .
1	 acute , crisp images .
1	 Sharp , crisp .
1	 Sharp , sharp crisp images .
1	 Sharp , crisp epitome .
1	 Sharp , images .
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are reasonably horseshit , replace them . 
0	i agree the earbuds are pretty , replace them . 
0	yeah i moderately agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i them the earbuds are pretty crap , replace agree . 
0	yeah i the earbuds are pretty crap , them . 
0	yeah i cost agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	yeah i harmonize the earbuds are pretty ca-ca , replace them . 
0	yeah i agree the them are pretty crap , replace earbuds . 
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network functioned , but it would not pass through the internet from the cable .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through internet from the cable .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would through pass from the internet signal not the cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it signalise would not done pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network calm functioned , but it would not fleet through the net signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal net silent functioned , but it would not return through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the allay cable non modem .
0	 The internal network still modem , but it would not pass from the internet signal through the cable functioned .
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is working two and no problems since weeks installed it fine I ago.
1	Anyhow, package this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks trouble ago.
1	anyhow, this software is make fine and no problems since I installed it two week ago.
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems workweek since I package installed it two weeks ago.
1	, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed two weeks.
1	Anyhow, this software is forge alright and no problems since 1 installed it two weeks ago.
1	Anyhow, software is working fine and problems since I it two weeks ago.
1	installed, this software is working fine and no problems since I Anyhow two it weeks ago.
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very happy with this Monitor monitor .
1	 I very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very with this monitor .
1	 I am very happy with this admonisher .
1	 monitor am very happy with this I .
1	 am I very happy with this monitor .
1	 1 am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am AM very happy with this monitor .
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is marvellous , i really like the smart mass sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i vocalise really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really the like smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound quality wonderful , i really like smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound calibre quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	sound is wonderful , i really like the smart volume normalization . 
1	normalization quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound sound . 
1	sound lineament is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalisation . 
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at.  
0	That is, you cannot approach the internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the internet completely at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the cyberspace at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the internet all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the whole internet at all.  
0	That is, you cannot access the internet all at.  
0	That access, you cannot is the internet at all.  
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is selectable available (or only) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's test functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (solitary or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	whole the camera's functionality is only usable (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	completely the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screenland is functional.
0	the camera's functionality is only available ( selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or) the screen is functional.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (the selectable) when or screen is functional.
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how make simple . 
0	the instructions that come pretend with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions direction that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	the instructions explain come with it do n't that how to make things simple . 
0	the that come with it do n't explain how to make simple . 
0	the instructions that ejaculate with it do n't explain how to shuffle things simple . 
0	the instructions that fall with it do n't explain how to score things simple . 
0	the instructions that come it with do n't explain how to make things simple . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , turn cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate very formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) video well . 
1	it plays vcds video formats ( alternate , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	plays alternate formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it turn alternate TV formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it flirt alternate TV formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , IT svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	it plays alternate formats ( , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you flavor like you are holding something of center , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of not , substance some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel you are holding something of substance , some cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of cheap , not some substance plastic toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some flashy pliant toy . 
1	you feel like you are holding something substance , not cheap plastic toy . 
1	you feel approximately like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	fictile you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	the vibration is not exceed . 
0	the vibration vibe is not top . 
0	the not is vibration top . 
0	vibration is not top . 
0	the is vibration not top . 
0	the vibration is not clear . 
0	the vibration not top . 
0	the vibration pinch is not top . 
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	have that i now on my music all it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	now that i have all my music on it there has directly n't been any more deliver problems . 
1	now that i have all my medicine on it there has n't been any more trouble . 
1	now that i all my music on it there been any more problems . 
1	music that there have all my now on it i has n't been any more problems . 
1	now that i have all my music on it has been more problems . 
1	now that i have all my euphony on it there has n't been any more problem . 
1	now that experience i have all my music on it along there has n't been any more problems . 
1	 This is a good product .
1	 This is a product .
1	 This is amp a good product .
1	 This is a dear product .
1	 This is a salutary product .
1	 This is good product .
1	 This is a good angstrom product .
1	 This good a is product .
1	 good is a This product .
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. never smelled - at all.
1	triplet. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. It never smelled - at III all.
1	3. IT It never smelled - at all.
1	threesome. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. never It smelled - at all.
1	3. It at smelled - never all.
1	3. It never smelled - all.
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	unity attempt it again this sunup and it suppose I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again this and it said didn't have required "permissions" and lacked administrator status.
0	I tried it again this morning and it required I have didn't the said "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have sample the required "adjudicate permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I time-tested it again this dayspring and it allege I didn't have the need "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	it again this morning and said didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I deliver didn't have the required "IT permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I tried it again morning this and it said I administrator have the required "permissions" and lacked proper didn't status.
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I opine the interface is great.
1	I think the interface is cogitate great.
1	I think the interface is bang-up.
1	I think the interface is.
1	I think interface is great.
1	interface think the I is great.
1	I think the interface great is.
1	I think the interface is nifty great.
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	product , this is another excellent creative all-in-all . 
1	all-in-all , this is intersection another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another splendid creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative . 
1	all-in-all , this is another exist excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative production . 
1	all-in-all , this is another creative excellent product . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	're pretty comfortable , in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in rank and deliver a decent audio caliber . 
1	they 're pretty adequate comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and save a adequate audio quality . 
1	they 're comfortable , stay in and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in axerophthol place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	they 're pretty decent , stay in place and deliver a comfortable audio quality . 
1	they 're comfortable pretty , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems,, black etc, figured that it was a very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I real figured that it was probably a very modified limited problem. 
0	was reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, limited blobs etc, I figured that it After probably a very black problem. 
0	After reading reviews of problems, cracked, black blobs, I figured that it probably a very limited. 
0	After reading recap of LCD problems, roughened, black blobs etc, I figure that it was probably a very bound problem. 
0	After reading reviews believably of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs brushup etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After reading reviews of LCD figured, cracked, black blobs etc, I problems that it a probably was very limited problem. 
0	After read reviews of LCD job, cracked, disastrous blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very determine problem. 
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i thought the software was unity decent enough - it be was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i decent the software was thought enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	i thought the software was decorous enough - it was n't refine to instruct at all . 
1	i retrieve the software was decent enough - it was n't elaborate to read at all . 
1	i thought the software was enough - it was n't to at all . 
1	i thought software was decent enough - it n't complicated to learn all . 
1	n't thought the software was enough decent - it was i complicated to learn at all . 
1	i thought the software was decent follow enough - I it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	I-Drive: interface like BMW's OPERATION - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered It's.
0	performance: It's similar BMW's I-Drive - It does it's task, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does has interface, but it's the most unintuitive, overly-layered job.
0	performance: It's comparable BMW's I-Drive - It does it's task, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's care job, but has the alike most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: like BMW's I-Drive - It it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered.
0	OPERATION: It's like IT BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most about unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's - It does it's job, but the most unintuitive, interface.
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it takes impatient while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the a flash click the becoming and i have seen people button time little a waiting for the you to glow . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the actually capture the photograph the time you click the button and have seen people becoming a impatient waiting for the flash . 
0	2 . it citizenry takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button really and IT i have seen people becoming people a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	click . it flash a people for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time a takes the button and i have seen while becoming you little impatient waiting for the 2 to glow . 
0	2 . it strike a while for the camera to actually seize the photograph from the sentence you click the clitoris and i have figure people go a little impatient waiting for the cheap to glow . 
0	gaudy 2 . it takes a while A for the camera ensure to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient ace waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the to actually the photograph from the you click the button i have seen people a little impatient waiting for the flash . 
0	2 . it acquire a while for the camera to actually seize the photograph from the time you dog the button and i have insure people becoming a trivial impatient waiting for the ostentate to radiance . 
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is TV limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just IX seconds.
0	Video recording is bound at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just seconds 9.
0	recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording astatine is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video 9 is limited at just recording seconds.
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	originative 5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a originative great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) cheap , user-replaceable ( $ from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to . 
1	Phoebe ) the brassy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a cracking advantage over the ipod 's bombardment which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , reward user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great reward advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	replace ) the great , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a cheap advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to 5 . 
1	pentad ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from originative ) is a enceinte advantage over the ipod 's barrage which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	creative ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from 5 ) is a great ipod over the advantage 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great over ipod ' battery which costs $ 100 to . 
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its irritation when you earnings $ 100 + for a router and it does n't ferment as it is supposed unbowed out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as remuneration it is supposed straight adenine out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router as it does n't work and it is the straight out of supposed box !
0	 Its gravel when you devote $ 100 + for a router and it does n't form as it is supposed neat out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + n't a router is it does for work as it and supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying you $ + for a router and it n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ IT 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight prohibited out of the box !
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router it does n't it is supposed straight out of the !
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, auto macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good excellent, sharp results), colours good white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good ikon with loud (good distort, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with counterweight flash (good colours, sharp results), boilersuit excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, practiced macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good discolour, sharp results), excellent auto blanched balance.
1	overall build quality, good, impressive video-quality, good pictures with (good, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with unspoilt flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent motorcar auto white balance.
1	overall pictures quality, good macros-results, video-quality impressive, good build with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, video-quality, good pictures with flash ( colours, sharp results), excellent auto balance.
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast carry-over . 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very degenerate transfers . 
1	having usb 2.nought 0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb 2.0 identical makes for very fast transfers . 
1	usb having 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	having usb.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	transfers usb 2.0 makes for very fast having . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or ringtones individualized . 
0	- no option for caller-id exposure or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id individualise pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option individualized caller-id pictures or for ringtones . 
0	- no for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized painting ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id pictures individualized ringtones . 
0	- no option for caller-id characterisation or individualized ringtones . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r was unplayable my older philips machine . 
1	it did playact a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips automobile . 
1	it did play a dvd-r was unplayable in my older philips . 
1	it did play a make dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable my in older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was auto unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my sure-enough philips car . 
1	it a play did dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is one I annoying problem a this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , to this tablet is it new and just arrived , when I press and character with key on the keyboard it acts as if very kept brand pressed , continuing despite type the same release again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite tablet is new and , when I press release on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to the same again and again .
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - axerophthol meaning , despite this tablet ace is live brand new and just constrict arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type there the same character again and again .
0	 There one very with this though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just , when I press and release a on the keyboard it acts if I it pressed , continuing to type the character and again .
0	 thither is one very plaguey problem with this example though : the keyboard is `` embarrassing '' - signification , despite this tablet is stigma new and just arrived , when 1 press and expiration a identify on the keyboard it play as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is 1 very bothersome problem with this pose though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - think , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and resign a fundamental on the keyboard it Acts as if i kept it weight-lift , keep to type the same character again and again .
0	 There is one very acts problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new again just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it pressed as it I kept if annoying , same to type continuing the character again and and .
0	 unmatched There is one along very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the embody same ampere character again and arrive again .
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have throw about 7,500 songs along on the player ( everything music file warehousing i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storehouse i have about 7,D Song on the player ( everything euphony file i have is on there ) with room for about two,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage about 7,500 songs on player ( everything music file i have is on there ) room for about 2,500 . 
1	i 40gb of about i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file room have is on there ) with with for storage 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i single have is on there ) with room D for about 2,500 lodge more . 
1	with 40gb of i have about 7, songs on the player ( everything file i have is there ) with for about 2,500 more . 
1	with 40gb of warehousing i have about septet,500 birdcall on the instrumentalist ( everything music register i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	there 40gb of storage i have with 7,500 songs 2 the player ( everything music file i have is on with ) about room for about on,500 more . 
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the finish and fit could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish execution could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be beneficial better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the and finish could be better this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the paroxysm and finish could be right although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the set and finish could be adept although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although from doesn't detract this performance.
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, indestructible i found that most of them aren't clank very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com perdurable and see for yourself). 
0	After research of other concentrated creative hard identical drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend really to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After research of other see hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't and durable very tend to most (read crash reviews on amazon.com and creative for yourself). 
0	After research of other creative hard repulse players, i notice that most of them aren't very durable and run to clash (record most reviews on amazon.com and experience for yourself). 
0	After research of other drive players, i found most them very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for). 
0	After research other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and (read most reviews on amazon.com see for). 
0	After research of other creative concentrated aim players, i base that most of them aren't very durable and tend to clang (record most reviews on amazon.com and construe for yourself). 
0	After research of other on hard amazon players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews creative drive.see and com for yourself). 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience consume with the Zen have Micro in any way. 
0	Even experience "shorter" battery life, though, positive not impaired my has the with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has impaired my positive the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "impaired" battery positive, though, has not shorter my life experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "" battery life, though, has not impaired positive experience with the Zen in any way. 
0	Even the "poor" bombardment life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the superman Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, vitiate has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen non Micro in any way. 
0	Even the "light" battery life, though, has not impaired my plus experience with the Elvis Micro in any way. 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds player , and reads quietly ( i loud a pioneer fine that had fairly had disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems groundbreaker to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc flash spin noise ) . 
1	seems to amp read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( ticket i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to say most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly garish platter spin interference ) . 
1	to read most fine , and reads quietly ( had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds , and quietly ( i had pioneer player had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and read quietly ( i had a trailblazer player that had passably loud disc spin dissonance ) . 
1	seems to read most had fine , and reads quietly ( i dvds a pioneer player that had disc loud fairly spin noise ) . 
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am pleased with router.
1	All in all I am with the router.
1	All in all iodin am pleased with the router.
1	All in am I all pleased with the router.
1	All in all I am pleased with the please router.
1	All in all I personify am pleased with the router.
1	pleased in all I am All with the router.
1	All in all iodine am pleased with the router.
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	audio on wanting video also lacking . 
0	audio on video also lack . 
0	sound on video also lacking . 
0	audio on video along also lacking . 
0	audio lacking video also on . 
0	audio on video lacking . 
0	on audio video also lacking . 
0	audio on also lacking . 
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what be problem could the.
0	They didn't recognize what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what job the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what problem could be.
0	They didn't eff what the problem could be.
0	the didn't know what They problem could be.
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not fifty-fifty have to smash the `` auto tune '' button , it just act instantly .
1	 I did not have to hit the `` auto tune '' , it just worked .
1	 I did not even have to hit the forthwith `` auto tune '' button , it just shoot worked instantly .
1	 I did not even the to hit have `` auto button '' tune , it just worked instantly .
1	 I did not even have to machine hit the `` auto tune '' button , IT it just worked instantly .
1	 I did even to hit the `` auto tune '' button , just worked instantly .
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` tune auto '' button , it just instantly worked .
1	 I did not level have to hit the `` auto tune '' release , it just lick instantly .
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My complaints that it should be deeper or wider it doesn't even fit a smaller garbage bag.
0	main complaints are it should be or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider embody as it comprise doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are or it should be deeper that wider as it doesn't smaller fit a even sized garbage bag.
0	My lowly main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller axerophthol sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't level agree a small sized garbage dish.
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as smaller doesn't even fit garbage it sized a bag.
0	My main complaints are that it should be thick or spacious as it doesn't fifty-fifty fit a small-scale sized garbage bag.
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	the was terrible . 
0	was grain the terrible . 
0	the texture was terrible . 
0	the grain WA was terrible . 
0	caryopsis the grain was terrible . 
0	the grain was . 
0	the grain was fearsome . 
0	grain the was terrible . 
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet also" as, you may Security need to remove it installed well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older adaptation of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to withdraw it as advantageously before proceeding with SystemWorks instal.
0	If have an older version of "Internet" installed, you may also need to remove it well before proceeding with SystemWorks.
0	If you have an honest-to-goodness version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also pauperization to remove it as good before move with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version proceeding "Internet Security" installed, it may also need to remove you as well before of with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older surety version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove reading it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" slay installed, you may also need to remove it as well internet before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have older version of "Internet Security", you may also need to remove it as well before with SystemWorks.
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on different occasions has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on various different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a saucer inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " record no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions it has deliver displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several occasions it has " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	several on different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	on several different occasions inside has displayed " no disc " with a disc it . 
0	on several unlike occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disk inside . 
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No Am/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large turn of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large doing of competetors are number
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- a large number of competetors are 
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Tuner-- Something a large number competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio are Something a large number of competetors Tuner-- doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something answer a large number of competetors are doing
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large no number of competetors are doing
0	 gyp: No AM/fermium Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It rhythm Apple on the storage space, it perplex apple on the removable barrage (and batter life), and 1 personally like its interface more than the Ipod coil wheel.  
1	shelling It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple port on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll distance wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats IT apple on the removable apple battery (and batter along life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It tucker Apple on the depot space, it mystify apple on the removable battery (and batter spirit), and i personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable (and batter), I personally like its interface more than the scroll.  
1	It beats Apple battery the storage space, it beats apple on the like the (and batter life), and I personally removable its interface more than on Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter), personally like its more the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It beats Apple apple the storage space, it batter on on the removable battery (and beats life), and I personally like Ipod interface more than the its scroll wheel.  
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video quality amazing is. 
1	And the video quality is awe-inspiring. 
1	And the video timber is amazing. 
1	And quality video the is amazing. 
1	television And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And embody the video quality is amazing. 
1	the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the video is amazing. 
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog down , to point where I was having reset it and my computer far often in to a Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the recent bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the bespeak where 1 was having to reset it and my computer far too frequently in consecrate to tame a swing Internet connection .
0	 However , some of latest software was to bog it down , to point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the reset bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having a too it and my computer far latest often in order to reclaim to dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the besides point where I was having to reset it and my computer recent far too often in Interahamwe order to regulate reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was go to bog it down , to the gunpoint where ace was having to reset it and my computer far too much in order to domesticate a drop Internet connecter .
0	 However , some of the latest hogging bandwidth to was starting connection bog it to , to the point where I was having down reset it and my computer far too often in order software reclaim a dropped Internet to .
0	 However , package some of roughly the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog connexion it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer Interahamwe far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so FAR has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has been life.
0	The only disappointment so far life been battery has.
0	The only disappointment so has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far has solitary been battery life.
0	The only letdown so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment battery far has been so life.
0	The only disappointment so indeed far has been battery life.
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does decent not work properly . 
0	the dvd player not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does not operate properly . 
0	the dvd player does not mould properly . 
0	make the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	the dvd player does work not properly . 
0	the dvd player does not work . 
0	properly dvd player does not work the . 
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 awesome sleek looking monitor is absolutely This !!
1	 This sleek bet monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking monitor supervise is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking flowing monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This satiny looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking is absolutely awesome !!
1	 This sleek looking is monitor absolutely awesome !!
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awing , you can ascertain everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it construe clearly 
1	the display is awesome , understand you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the is awesome , you can everything you want and read it clearly 
1	the want is awesome , you can see everything you display and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , you can visualise everything you lack and read it clearly 
1	the display want awesome , you can see everything you is and read it clearly 
1	the display is awesome , can see everything you and read it clearly 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact immobile PS cameras since it's dissipated much faster and p easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on need if you care need to take that comparable instant shot. 
1	iodine also tend to like the sliding plow/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to superpower on if you need to read that inst nip. 
1	and also on to like the sliding cover/on switch found tend faster compact PS cameras since it's much many I easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found easier power compact PS cameras since it's much faster and on to many on shot you need to take that instant if. 
1	I besides tend to like the sliding cover/on substitution found on many compact PS camera since it's much faster and easier to mogul on if you need to read that instant inject. 
1	I also tend to like the sliding/on found on many compact PS cameras since much faster easier to on if you need to take instant shot. 
1	I tend to like sliding cover/on found many compact PS cameras since it's much faster easier to power on if you need to take that shot. 
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a identical bit translate difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	on find it a bit difficult to manage the very impossible buttons and tiny to read the icons without my reading glasses I.
0	I find very a manage difficult to bit the it tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I chance it a bit difficult to manage the very lilliputian push and impossible to read the icons without my reading crank on.
0	I find it a bit to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to the icons reading glasses on.
0	I get it a spot difficult to handle the very tiny buttons and unsufferable to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to icon read the icons without my reading glasses oversee on.
0	I find a difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and to read the icons without my glasses on.
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focussing in humiliated low-cal and would not require the fancy when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and see would not experience take the picture when the depression shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low luminousness and would not make the visualize when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been exhaust a few irregular . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing but low light and would not been the picture when the was shutter pressed in after the shutter had take released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 problems focusing in low light and not the picture when the shutter was but after shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had focusing in low would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after shutter had been a few seconds . 
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after constitute the shutter had been released subsequently a afterwards few seconds . 
0	after g3 had shutter focusing in low light and would not take the picture pressed the problems was when but the the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the discomfited fact that it does IT not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what me is the fact that it does seem to read dvds . 
0	what thwarted me is the fact that it does not appear to study certain dvds . 
0	that disappointed me is the fact what it does certain seem to read not dvds . 
0	what disappointed me is the fact show that it does not videodisk seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what is the that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what the that is disappointed fact me it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	what frustrated me is the fact that it does not seem to understand certain DVD . 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera I go nice, solid feel about it, so it's and tiny, I take it with me wherever has a. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has nice, solid feel about it, and it's tiny, I it with me wherever. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic track cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I start take it with me almost wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera it a nice, solid it about has, and it's so tiny, I take feel I me wherever with go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable binding, the camera has a nice, square feel about it, and it's so tiny, I hold it with me wherever ane XTC. 
1	Moreover, apart from moreover the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take nearly it with me wherever I obscure go. 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cover, the camera has a nice, feel about, and tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Moreover, obscure from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feeling about it, and it's so flyspeck, I convey it with me wherever I perish. 
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft the) and depth the lock are within easy reach of start right hand.
1	Both the on/off handwriting switch (soft start) both and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft contact start) and the depth lock along are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy hit of the mightily script.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and depth lock are easy reach of the right.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft get-go) and the depth lock are within comfortable give of the right hand.
1	Both the/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are reach of the right hand.
1	Both the on/are switch (easy start) and the depth lock off within soft reach of the right hand.
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	fact n't , it could is be easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be light to use . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to exercise . 
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to IT use . 
1	fact be , it could n't is easier to use . 
1	fact is , it could easygoing n't be easier to use . 
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really take any since the display have establish to be very intelligent when resizing different shield res 's and iodin can utilization the ATI drivers to adjust things like discolor temporary and gamma .
1	 I have temp really need any since the display things proven to be very intelligent when resizing different like res 's and screen can use the ATI drivers to adjust have I color n't and gamma .
1	 I have n't really thing need any since the display driver have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things correct like iodin color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have whatsoever proven to be apply very intelligent privy when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp exhibit and gamma .
1	 I have really need since display proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to things temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't really indigence any since the display have proven to be very healthy when resizing different shield res 's and iodin can habit the ATI drivers to adjust things corresponding coloration temp and gamma .
1	 and have n't really need any since the ATI intelligent proven to be very have when resizing different screen I 's I res can use the display drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	 I have n't any since display have to be very intelligent resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to things like color temp gamma .
0	Very annoying.    
0	annoying Very.    
0	Very nettlesome.    
0	Very annoying.    
0	vexatious Very annoying.    
0	Very.    
0	bother Very annoying.    
0	annoying.    
0	really annoying.    
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	 What I do n't same is that at lower intensity music listening , tonal qualities are very piteous .
0	 What I do like is that at lower volume listening , tonal qualities are very .
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music heed , tonal caliber are very wretched .
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower brawl volume music listening , tonal qualities are very real poor .
0	 What I do n't like is that unity at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very suffice poor .
0	 What I do n't like is are tonal lower volume music listening , at qualities that very poor .
0	 What I do very like is that at volume lower music listening , tonal qualities are n't poor .
0	 What I do n't is that at lower volume music listening , are very poor .
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are will packed at and your fingers tightly likely press two keys in once.
0	You'll because that do keys keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two the at once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers describe will likely press two keys at bequeath once.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed weightlift in and your fingers will likely press two potential keys at once.
0	You'll do that because the distinguish are tightly backpack in and your fingers will probable press two paint at once.
0	that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely two keys at.
0	You'll do that because the describe are tightly tamp in and your fingers will likely agitate two key at once.
0	that because the keys are tightly packed in and fingers likely press two keys at once.
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own Canon Digital Rebel agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, overall picture quality goes head-to-head Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and ace concord that the promote controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall render quality choke head-to-head with the Digital rebel. 
0	also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I the advanced controls the are not as, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture iodine quality goes besides head-to-head with the single Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls iodin on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture consort quality goes head-to-head advance with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I also own a agree on Rebel Digital I Canon that the advanced controls Digital the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the and Rebel. 
0	I overall own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls also the SD500 but not as robust, are Digital picture quality goes head-to-head with the on Rebel. 
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advance ensure on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall pic calibre offer head-to-head with the Digital insurgent. 
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( package windows AN xp ) . 
1	the software outstanding was great , as long as you have an adminstrative yearn user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was great , as have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	the software was corking , as long as you have an adminstrative user report ( window xp ) . 
1	the software was great , as long as have an adminstrative user ( windows ) . 
1	the software xp great , as long as you have an adminstrative windows account ( user was ) . 
1	the software was corking , as yearn as you have an adminstrative user describe ( windows xp ) . 
1	as software was great , as long the you have windows adminstrative user account ( an xp ) . 
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is at $160, is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $steal, this is an absolute 160.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an cost absolute steal.
1	Bottom blood is that at $160, this is an rank steal.
1	absolute line is that at $160, this is an Bottom steal.
1	Bottom line is astatine that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	stern stock is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Bottom line is that at $, this an absolute steal.
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy instructions use with clear to contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use inch with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained the drive .
1	 Easy pass to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	 well-heeled to use with clear teaching contained in the install drive .
1	 well-heeled to use with clear instructions contained in the install labour .
1	 Easy to use with contained in the install drive .
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions drive in the install contained .
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	is it crystal clear . 
1	it is crystal percipient . 
1	it is crystal vindicated . 
1	it is crystal unclouded clear . 
1	is crystal clear . 
1	lechatelierite it is crystal clear . 
1	it is clear . 
1	clear is crystal it . 
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this nappy pail when my son was just a few days old and ane absolutely eff it!
1	I bought pail son this when my diaper was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	single bought this diaper pail when my Logos was just a few days honest-to-goodness and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought diaper when my son was just a few days and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper pail my son was a few days old and I LOVE it!
1	I bought LOVE diaper pail when my son this just a few days old and I absolutely was it!
1	I bought this eff diaper pail when IT my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this diaper bribe pail when my son was just a few days old and sometime I absolutely LOVE it!
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is an aline option to adjust the balance . 
0	the thing missing an option to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing pretermit is an pick to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing missing is to option an adjust the balance . 
0	the thing missing is an option to the balance . 
0	the only the missing is an option to adjust thing balance . 
0	the only thing missing is an option selection to adjust the balance . 
0	the only thing omit is an option to adjust the residuum . 
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was translate good , easy to read 
1	+ screen to good , easy was read 
1	+ was screen good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was skillful , easy to read 
1	+ screen was good , easy to 
1	+ screen was good , sluttish to read 
1	+ screen was good , easy read 
1	+ screen was good , easy covert to read 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes release can be ii hard to select . 
0	2 . the button is n't the , as sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the gyre button is n't the scoop , as it sometimes can be voiceless to select . 
0	2 . the whorl button is n't the Best , as it sometimes can be operose to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is can the n't , as it sometimes best be hard to select . 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't arduous the best , as it ii sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2 . the scroll select is n't the best , as it to can be hard sometimes button . 
0	2 . scroll button n't the , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync sour fairly swell.
1	For those users OSX Mac out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users iSync there, out works fairly well.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync turn somewhat well.
1	thither For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For thither those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For those Mac users out there, iSync works fairly.
1	For Mac OSX users out there, iSync fairly well.
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , finder the lens revaluation barrel does obstruct part of the reexamination lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely finder using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous the negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel i obstruct and of somewhat lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the the viewfinder is rather stunning part does find myself rarely using lcd lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) , the lens does obstruct part of the lower corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder rather stunning and rarely using the viewfinder . 
0	to deal two previous jolly disconfirming reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does embarrass parting of the downcast left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather bedaze and i notice myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address two stupefy previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left finder corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , blackball the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find division myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address obstruct previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel myself two rather of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd i is part stunning and viewfinder find does rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	to savoir-faire two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does blockade start of the miserable provide corner in the lens finder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i detect myself rarely practice the lens viewfinder . 
0	to address previous negative : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does of the lower left corner in the lens ; however , the lcd is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using lens viewfinder . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and skirt tones are unlimited . 
1	is screen the bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	look the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are . 
1	the and is bright screen ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the blind is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	the screen is bright and telephone ring tones are unlimited . 
1	screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this I not LG that from bought for nearly twice as much on the colors and the LG were an at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged from an LG that bought nearly twice as much and colors on the LG were not all as nice as this .
1	 I convert this from an LG that 1 corrupt for nearly twice as lots and the color on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought twice as much and colors on the LG were not at all nice as .
1	 one convert this from an LG that 1 bought for most twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as skillful as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that wholly I axerophthol bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the non LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for twice nearly as and much LG colors on the the were not at all as nice as this .
1	 I exchanged this from an LG double that I bought for exist nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were near not at all as nice as this .
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex . 
0	my other crab is the incredibly crappy removed , which is worse than other , cheaper peak units . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than former other , cheaper be apex units . 
0	my other gripe is units incredibly crappy cheaper , which is worse than other , remote apex the . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy outside , which is worse than other , cheaper acme whole . 
0	units other gripe is my incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex the . 
0	my other gripe is the crappy , which is worse than other , cheaper apex . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , implausibly which is worse than vertex other , cheaper apex units . 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The few of this some is it has been having camera trouble occasional its autofocus on a disadvantages with quick, especially pictures candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	The as of this camera is it has been having where trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, shots quick some especially candid you start up and shot as quick disadvantages you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some pain with its autofocus on a few occasional ikon, especially straightaway outspoken crack where you part up and bourgeon as quick as you can. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some disturb with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, peculiarly ready outspoken snapshot where you begin up and buck as quick as you can. 
0	The of this camera it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start shot as quick. 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some disadvantage trouble ikon with its autofocus on a few occasional icon pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you prompt can. 
0	The disadvantages this camera is it having some trouble autofocus on few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up shot as quick as you can. 
0	The axerophthol disadvantages of this camera is IT it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and canful shot as upwards quick as you can. 
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of dusk with little or no terms, except the inevitable mark.
0	  The thing incorrect has survived plenty of falls with little wrong or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The has survived plenty of falls little or no, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  thing has survived plenty falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable.
0	  The thing has survived plenteousness of declension with little or no damage, except the inevitable rub.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of twilight falls with little or go no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	  The thing has survived no of falls with little or plenty damage, except scratches inevitable the.
0	  The of has survived plenty thing falls with except or no damage, little the inevitable scratches.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	incline There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type axerophthol something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead the letters.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, would tend to type something of the letters.
0	There will be letters erasing of text as, one would tend to actual something instead of the type much.
0	There will be much efface of text as, one would incline to type something instead of the actual letter.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, nonpareil would tend to eccentric something instead of the real letters.
0	rather There will be much erasing of thither text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	There will be would erasing to text as, one much tend of type something instead of the actual letters.
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad be to seems waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad appear to be waterproof to some stage.  
1	Also, the touchpad to be waterproof to some.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to also some degree.  
1	besides, the touchpad look to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, approximately the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad to waterproof to some degree.  
1	Also, the touchpad seems to waterproof be to some degree.  
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the port package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which be should user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , should be , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface package itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was package anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software port itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software anything , which should be user-friendly , was itself but easy-to-use . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of , useful to unusable garbage in , say , radio wave ; a stn is better ) is nice high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses release stn of of the ipods . 
1	the of to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data is unusable garbage in , say , a of at ; a larger stn ratio to better ) is nice and high wave 98 decibles , and it should signal apple that noted refuses to release the stn ratio radio any be the ipods . 
1	the signalise to haphazardness ratio ( the ratio of perceptible , useful data to unserviceable garbage in , say , a radio roll ; a larger stn ratio is good ) is squeamish and high at 98 decibles , and it should be remark that apple garbage to unloose the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the indicate signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wireless wave ; a larger stn ratio proportion is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release proportion the stn prominent ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the signaling to noise proportion ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unuseable garbage in , pronounce , a radio undulate ; a great stn ratio is honorable ) is nice and high-pitched at 98 decibles , and it should be illustrious that apple refuses to resign the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	proportion the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of drivel detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a astatine larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it proportion should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the represent ipods . 
1	garbage signal to unusable be ( stn ratio of at , useful data to and the in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high detectable 98 decibles , noise it should ratio noted that apple refuses to release the the ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	the to noise ( the ratio of , data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice high at 98 decibles , and it should noted that apple to release stn ratio of any the . 
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you want using Linux, and to are to use GPRS to connect you Bluetooth net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB the adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, on and you want to use GPRS to connect to the deprivation net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are victimisation Linux, and you neediness to use GPRS to connect to the clear, I intimate this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adaptor.
1	If you are using meshing Linux, and adenine you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I constitute suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are employ Linux, and you privation to utilize GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this earphone on with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using, and want to use GPRS the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you using, and want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this along with Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you are using Linux, a you want to USB GPRS to connect to suggest net, I the this phone along with and Belkin use Bluetooth adapter.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at Symantec/ site.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at perfectly the Symantec/Norton site.
0	is There absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful Symantec the at/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton there site.
0	There is nothing useful the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is dead aught useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely null useful at the Symantec/Norton place.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; what if you are on, the place to buy batteries is just a gas is no way you are going find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera Li uses a lithium battery, I find lithium piazza batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you Li are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy closest batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium conk batteries there.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium to be inconvenient; because what you on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a no way you are going to find lithium batteries.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium if to you highly inconvenient; because what batteries you are on vacation, is the nearest place buy to batteries where just a gas going is no way that be are station--there to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera utilisation a lithium battery, I get Li batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the cheeseparing shoes to buy batteries is just a gasoline station--there is no manner that you are pass to notice lithium batteries there.
0	This camera along uses a lithium battery, I find lithium station batteries to be highly be inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to angstrom buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are barrage going to find lithium batteries there.
0	This camera uses a lithium because, just find lithium batteries to way highly inconvenient; battery lithium if you are are vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is I a gas station--there is no be that you on going to find what batteries there.
0	This camera function a lithium battery, I happen lithium shelling to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the cheeseparing send to buy batteries is just a bluster station--there is no mode that you are lead to chance lithium batteries there.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this 6610, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than phone best then the 6610 has the but ear most among volume Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow fault some demerits of this phone, The phone live has a slow processor and the ear take volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	volume some demerits lower this phone, The phone has a slow processor 6610 the ear Anyhow is of than and but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, phone has a processor and the ear volume than 6610 but then 6610 has the best ear volume among Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, anyhow The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has mass the best ear volume among most merely Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this earphone, The phone has a retard processor and the ear intensity is humble than 6610 but then the 6610 has the easily ear volume among most Nokia form.
0	anyways some demerits of this sound, The telephone has a irksome processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the dear ear mass among most Nokia variants.
0	Anyhow some phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than but then the has the best ear volume most Nokia variants.
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this phone to one anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this phone to . 
1	i anyone recommend this phone to highly . 
1	i highly recommend this headphone to anyone . 
1	recommend highly i this phone to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this earpiece to anyone . 
1	i highly recommend this telephone phone to anyone . 
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several client years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to convince drop them , and look forward to august 2004 astatine when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&please t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture in the custody of at&t customer Service i am delighted to degenerate them , and face forwards to revered 2004 when i will convert our other tierce family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of in hands of at&t customer service i delighted to drop them , and look to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones at&t ! 
0	after several years of forward in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and to torture to will i when 2004 august convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t look t-mobile ! 
0	after several year of torture in the custody of at&t customer service i am ravish to drop them , and look forrad to Aug 2004 when i will convince our other three family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after various several dip years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted client to drop them , and look forward to agony august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	after several years of torture look the hands of at&t customer service i am drop to delighted them , and in forward to will 2004 when other august convert our i 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- radiocommunication Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: quality weak reception     
0	- Radio weak: Quality reception     
0	- Radio Quality: response weak reception     
0	- weak Quality: Radio reception     
0	- Radio: weak reception     
0	- Radio Quality: reception     
0	- Radio Quality: sapless reception     
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has well-nigh non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it virtually has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has most nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly logging. 
0	(...)  Like most has routers, it SOHO nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  alike most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...)  nearly most SOHO routers, it has Like non-existant logging. 
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried to hook up first one , was broken - would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	would discs tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor or not eject we when close the door . 
0	drive when we tried to hook up the first one , it render was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	when we strain to hook up the foremost one , it was erupt - the motor would not eject discs or faithful the door . 
0	when we tried to hook unrivalled up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject personify discs or close the door . 
0	eject we tried to hook up the first motor , it was broken - the one would not when discs or close the door . 
0	when we tried to hook up the kickoff one , it was intermit - the motor would not exclude discs or last the door . 
0	when tried to hook up first one , was - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	big, the it reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with Next, Norton charges $30 about even tell them to it.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy Norton product:  If there's a with it, Norton charges $30 tell about it.
0	Next, the about reason not to buy 30 Norton product:  If there's a problem with big, Norton charges $ANY to even tell them it it.
0	Next, the big reason not bargain to conclude buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 state to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the cock-a-hoop grounds not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton bang $30 to still narrate them about it.
0	Next, the big trouble reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 openhanded to even tell them understanding about it.
0	Next, the big not buy ANY Norton:  there's a with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Next, the prominent conclude not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton boot $30 to eve state them about it.
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker bar was spot-on .
1	 The response bar speaker was spot-on .
1	 The bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker personify bar response was spot-on .
1	 was speaker bar response The spot-on .
1	 The speaker verbalizer bar response was spot-on .
1	 The Speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	 The speaker ginmill response was spot-on .
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the cunning pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , IT and the radio ! 
1	has of little cute features , my being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and radio ! 
1	it has lots of little cute pim , organizer favorite being the games and the features ( personal information manager -- i.e. my ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( pot personal information manager -- i.biz e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	it has allot of little cute lineament , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information coach -- i.e. organizer ) , and the tuner ! 
1	it has Lot of lilliputian cunning have , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	has lots of little features , my favorite being the games the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and radio ! 
1	it of lots has little cute features , my favorite being the games and radio pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the the ! 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unluckily it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't manoeuvre all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the fanny dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play altogether all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play all the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it dvd 't play all of the can . 
0	unfortunately it can 'play t all of the dvd . 
0	unfortunately it can 't play of the dvd . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to videodisc access the menus of dvds . 
0	, the player did not allow me to access the menus of . 
0	first , the the did not allow me to access player menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did behave not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to accession the menus of videodisk . 
0	first , the player did not dvds me to access the menus of allow . 
0	first , the player allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	kickoff , the player did not appropriate me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave up several after attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact pass dlink support .
0	 I make up after several attempts to contact dlink abide .
0	 contact gave up after several attempts to I dlink support .
0	 I after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 I gave up afterward after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	 one hold up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	overall boilersuit an excellent phone . 
1	an overall excellent phone . 
1	overall an excellent . 
1	overall an excellent headphone . 
1	overall excellent an phone . 
1	overall an first-class phone . 
1	overall excellent phone . 
1	overall an AN excellent phone . 
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	video workin stopped output . 
0	output video stopped workin . 
0	video output stopped . 
0	video stopped workin . 
0	video picture output stopped workin . 
0	TV output stopped workin . 
0	video output intercept workin . 
0	video output production stopped workin . 
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the IT smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the smell.
1	It definitely the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps reek the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the look out.
1	It definitely keeps the odour out.
1	It definitely smell the keeps out.
1	It the keeps definitely smell out.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i unvanquishable did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens practice are unbeatable . 
1	price-wise i did quite a bit of net before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.review ) , and naturally zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before buy purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.meshwork net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a second of review before buy ( i recomend www.nomadness.meshing ) , and price-wise superman are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a moment of brushup before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.lucre ) , and price-wise pane are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of before ( i recomend www.nomadness. ) , and zens are unbeatable . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit recomend and before purchasing ( i of www.nomadness.net ) , review price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup profit I was hired to connect this wireless embody network up net to.  
0	It ask me trinity Day, to the tune of Neil Young's birdcall "tack Of Cr--!", to bring this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It me three days, to the tune of Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", get this to work with satellite hookup I was to connect this wireless network to.  
0	It me three, the tune of Young's song "Piece Of!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network to.  
0	It produce took me ternary three days, to the tune of Neil daytime Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It shoot me trey days, to the line of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to stick this to work with the satellite hookup one was hired to connect this wireless net up to.  
0	It took me three days, to the tune this Neil wireless song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get of to work with the satellite hookup I connect hired to was this Young's network up to.  
0	It work me to days, three the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to took with the satellite hookup I to hired was connect this wireless network up to.  
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make score me feel like I need to use a lot of rattling arm strength to keep it breakthrough under control, and  it ME has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to, it jump around or make me feel I need to lot of strength keep it under control, and  it has very good to see your cut.
1	see keep it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to strength a lot of arm use to find it under control, cut  it has very good visibility to I your and.
1	I it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a of arm to keep under control, and  it has see your cut.
1	unity discover it very stable and comfortable to manipulation, it doesn't jump around or fix me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to celebrate it under control, and  it has very adept visibility to hear your slashed.
1	I feel it very stable and comfortable to practice, it doesn't jumping around or name me feel corresponding I need to use a band of arm strength to keep it under check, and  it has very good visibility to consider your cut.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel comparable like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, IT and  it has easy very good visibility to see reduce your cut.
1	I find it very it stable comfortable to or, and doesn't jump around use make me feel good I need to use and lot of arm strength to keep it under control, a  it has very like visibility to see your cut.
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it can that you so also take vertical pictures when self-timer do the you. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they design it so that you can too conduct vertical pic when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they plan it so that you can also consider perpendicular ikon when you do the self-timer. 
1	perpendicular if you haven't noticed, upright they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	the pictures haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical you when you do if self-timer. 
1	if you noticed, they designed it so that can also vertical pictures when you the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, designed you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed remark it so that you can also plan take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe obscure side, but I'm able to make that exploitation the Photoshop 6.nought "set levels" operate ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the do are a dark side, but I'm able to person that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how onthe fix would pictures that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.capable 0 "adjust levels" function ... not nought sure how charge a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark I'm, to side able but fix that using sure Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not the how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe drear side, but I'm able to unsex that victimisation the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust even" subprogram ... not certain how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, adenine but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... only not simply sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the are onthe dark, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a do Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the onthe dark side, but able to fix using the 6.0 " levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was wonder a marvel . 
1	the camera was a . 
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	the camera was a wonder . 
1	a camera was the marvel . 
1	the camera was a wonder marvel . 
1	the camera a marvel . 
1	the camera a was marvel . 
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only matter I don't like about it is ho-hum in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has trouble relate thru bluetooth.
0	Only IT thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem embody connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in apps, up, and sometime it problem thru bluetooth.
0	Only thing I don't bluetooth has it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it about problem connect thru like.
0	Only thing don't like about is slow in apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem thru bluetooth.
0	solitary thing i don't comparable about it is boring in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	Only wearisome thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime upwards it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	problem thing I don't like about it in slow is changing apps, boot up, and Only it has sometime connect thru bluetooth.
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to wireless setup flies. 
1	to hooked up Broadband this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this flies setup wireless. 
1	broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband hooked up to this upwardly wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband swipe up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Broadband up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	tuner Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The following day , 1 wrench on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 next The day , I turned on my laptop and it connected no the network , but to internet connection .
0	 The next i day , I turned on my following laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next attached day , I turned on my laptop and it web connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop it to network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next , I turned my laptop and it connected to network , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I release on my laptop and it colligate to the meshing , but no internet connection .
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop no the connected to it network , but and internet connection .
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new fresh moms!
1	This is MUST product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST accept product for all freshly moms!
1	This is a new HAVE product for all MUST moms!
1	This is a product HAVE MUST for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST product for all moms!
1	bear This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a MUST accept merchandise for all new moms!
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	scroll ) 2 button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll button / 
0	2 ) scroll / switch 
0	swap 2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) curlicue button / switch 
0	2 ) scroll push / switch 
0	2 ) roll scroll button / switch 
0	switch ) scroll button / 2 
1	I love this phone.
1	earphone I love this phone.
1	I love telephone this phone.
1	I honey this phone.
1	1 love this phone.
1	I phone this love.
1	I love this.
1	this love I phone.
1	I love phone.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor, the color is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is and, perfect the focus is great.
1	They are stress razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color equilibrium is perfect, and the rivet is great.
1	They are razor sharp-worded, the color balance is arrant, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color is perfect, and focus is great.
1	They are perfect sharp, the color balance is razor, and the focus is great.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the needlelike focus is great.
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer job service report line is always busy . 
0	apex has not responded to my email the problem after almost a week and their customer service is busy . 
0	apex has placid not react to my email trace the problem after near a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost cost a week and their customer service line is near always busy . 
0	peak has smooth not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer servicing line is invariably busy . 
0	apex still has not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a is and their customer service line week always busy . 
0	apex still not responded to my describing the problem after almost a week and their customer line always busy . 
0	apex has still not the to my email describing responded problem after almost a week their and customer service line is always busy . 
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks secondly and the personify second version of Internet Security that I quartern have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	the fourth version of SystemWorks and the version of Internet Security that have and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth that version SystemWorks and the second of of Internet Security version always have used and it has I been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth translation of SystemWorks and the arcsecond version of Internet protection that unity have used and it has forever been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet been favorite I have used that it has always Security a and.
1	This is the fourth of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet that used and it has been a favorite.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the i second version pet of Internet Security that I variation have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	This is the quarter version of SystemWorks and the back version of Internet Security that i have put-upon and it has forever been a favorite.
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	it seems to be fine , but we 've used it that much . 
1	it seems to exploited be working fine , but we 've IT not used it all that much . 
1	it seems to be make fine , but we 've not victimised it all that often . 
1	it seems all be working fine , but we 'used not ve it to that much . 
1	it seems be working fine , but we 've not it all that . 
1	it seems to be working fine , totally but we 've not used it practice all that much . 
1	it seems to be cultivate finely , but we 've not utilise it all that much . 
1	it seems to be it fine , we but 've not used working all that much . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is bit of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a A pain . 
0	the scroll bar is bit a of a pain . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a bite pain . 
0	the scroll pain is a bit of a bar . 
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a anguish . 
0	the scroll bar is a of a pain . 
0	the scroll debar is a bit of a pain . 
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	III. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant port Java interface.
1	3. Nokia The 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java.
1	a. The Nokia 6600 has 3 brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brainy Java interface.
1	3. Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. The receive Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on contract my unmatched recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The get recorders odd bit a, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I video 17.
0	ane The video recorders a bit odd, telecasting sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video a bit odd, sometimes I 9 secs my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit rummy, sometimes I get 9 secs on my memorialise, sometimes i get 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I 9 on my recordings, sometimes I 17.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 recordings on my secs, sometimes I get 17.
0	The video recorders a turn leftover, sometimes I stick 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only how thing about this was the instructions out adjusting the to were not very clear and it took a little time display figure for negative to do it .
0	 only negative about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were very clear and it little time to figure out to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about expose this was the constitute instructions for most adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The only electronegative thing about this was the didactics for adjusting the exhibit were not very make and it consider a little time to physique out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions were clear the display for not very out and it took a little how to figure adjusting time to do it .
0	 The only about this was instructions for adjusting display were not clear and it took a little time figure out how to do it .
0	 The only negative matter about this was the education for adjusting the display were not very pass and it choose a little sentence to name out how to do it .
0	 The only negative thing IT about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not non very clear and it equal took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	 customer support is very rude .
0	 The customer support is very identical rude .
0	 The customer affirm is very rude .
0	 The customer rude is very support .
0	 The customer support is constitute very rude .
0	 The support is very rude .
0	 customer The support is very rude .
0	 The customer backup is very rude .
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't foremost work from the start . 
0	the first one would n't work from the bulge . 
0	the first one would n't work from showtime the start . 
0	start first one would n't work from the the . 
0	the first one would n't work from the . 
0	the first unrivaled would n't work from the start . 
0	first one would n't work from the start . 
0	the first one the n't work from would start . 
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it habituate regular trash handbag is great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used even meth bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact that trash used regular it bags is great.
1	Plus, the represent fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the fact plus that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, the that it used regular trash bags great.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash great.
1	regular, the fact that it used Plus trash bags is great.
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly stand lit along room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were A blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	focusing on a display rack shade 20 feet away this a brightly lit room during day time , a produced by in camera were blurry and in pictures about of orange . 
0	focusing on a display base rack about 20 feet away aside in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced shadowiness by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	rivet on a display squeeze about 20 base away in a brightly lit room during day time , visualise produced by this camera were blurry and in a nuance of orangish . 
0	focusing a display rack 20 feet in a brightly lit room during day , pictures produced this camera were blurry and in a of orange . 
0	focusing on a display this about 20 feet away in by brightly orange room during day time , pictures lit a rack camera were blurry and in a shade of produced . 
0	on a display rack about 20 brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade orange . 
0	focalization on a display torment about 20 groundwork away in a brightly lit room during day time , video create by this camera were blurry and in a wraith of orange . 
1	 The player is great. 
1	 The participant player is great. 
1	 The player is dandy. 
1	 enceinte The player is great. 
1	 The player is big. 
1	 The player is. 
1	 great player is The. 
1	 The is great. 
1	 The great is player. 
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once ( your drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered or (despite your inevitable drop once two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable IT drop or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't stumble once (despite your inevitable degenerate or two.
1	No cut, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable deteriorate or two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your drop two.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (IT despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	skips No, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the curt slope but equal for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on short side but adequate situations . 
0	2 the battery life-time seems to be on the scant side but tolerable for most situations . 
0	2 for adequate life seems to be on the short side but battery the most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on Be the short side seem but adequate for most situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to lifetime be on the short side but adequate for most Be situations . 
0	2 the battery life seems to on the short but adequate most situations . 
0	2 most battery life seems to the on be short side but adequate for the situations . 
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend is you to wireless network laptop, but if you want to network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys their desktop/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you background want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together urge you might want just to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this your you want wirelessly wireless network is want, but if you laptop to to network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want to tuner network your laptop, but if you neediness to wirelessly network a twain desktop together you might want to postponement until Linksys ameliorate their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend is you to wireless network laptop, but if you want to network couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/.     
0	I'd recommend this is want you to wireless network your laptop, want if you want to wirelessly network wait couple desktops together you might but to a until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you deprivation to radio meshing your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly meshwork a twain desktops together you might desire to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	I'd recommend this is you want to unitedly wireless network your laptop, but if radiocommunication you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/better hardware.     
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find it more not to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does have convenient voice dialing . 
0	although i more convenient to use 1-touch , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find it more convenient to purpose 1-touch dialing , this headphone does not have part dialing . 
0	dial although i find it more convenient spokesperson to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	although i find it convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone not voice dialing . 
0	although i find use more convenient to it have dialing , this phone does not 1-touch voice dialing . 
0	although i detect it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have representative dial . 
0	although i find it more apply convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this earphone phone does not have voice dialing . 
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	perhaps Semantic could exercise out the efficiency a short, but these reappraisal are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are operative on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps could work the efficiency a little, but these are highly... I would ask what else these people are running on their(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out survey the efficiency a little, but personify these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask extremely what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic efficiency work out these could a little, but the reviews are computers exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their highly(?)
1	these Semantic could work the ask efficiency a little, but Perhaps reviews are highly exagerated... I would out what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	perchance Semantic could exploit out the efficiency a picayune, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would expect what else these people are feed on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could the efficiency a, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else people running on their computers(?)
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the take efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I calculator would ask maybe what else these people are running on their computers(?)
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Other than that it is all the same IT except the new updates.
0	other than that it is all the same except the Modern updates.
0	than that it is all the same the new updates.
0	Other than that the is all the same except it new updates.
0	than that it is all the same except the updates.
0	Other than that new is all the same except the it updates.
0	other than that it is all the same except the New updates.
0	Other than that it is demur all the same except the new updates.
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the trusted money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For I'm money, the not sure you can do better.
1	perform For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For the money, I'm not you can do.
1	For sure money, I'm not the you can do better.
1	the money, I'm not sure you do better.
1	For the money, I'm not certain you can do expert.
1	For the money, I'm not indisputable you can do honorable.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice to boot.  
1	unarguably easily than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and dainty earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, boot nice earbuds to and.  
1	unarguably better to Apple's, and nice earbuds than boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice proficient earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, thrill and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and earbuds to boot.  
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	in all this a player that blows the i-pod away , easy to use understand features , software is simple understand and use , and a sound ( which is that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that boast the i-pod away , with loose to use and empathize sport , software that is wide-eyed to understand and use , and a heavy intelligent ( which is all that thing in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is altogether simple to understand and use , and bare a great sound ( unfinished which constitute is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in matters this a great player software blows the i-pod away , with easy to a and understand features , that that is simple to understand and use , and use great sound ( which in all that all is a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great sympathize player that blows the i-pod live away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and thing use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters package in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all this a great player blows the i-pod away , easy to and understand features , that is simple understand and use , and great ( which all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	all in all player a blows use sound great the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and player , and a great that ( which is all that matters in a mp3 this ) . 
1	all in all this a neat player that drift the i-pod away , with well-situated to function and see sport , software that is simple to understand and use , and a outstanding sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 actor ) . 
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very and simple painless.
1	Very painless and simple.
1	Very simple uncomplicated and painless.
1	simple and painless.
1	Very dewy-eyed and painless.
1	Very simple and.
1	Very round-eyed and painless.
1	Very simple and selfsame painless.
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set spry your favorite image to display for a second or so surgery as it turns on. 
1	Powerup quick is, and you can even set your it image to display for a second or so as favorite turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even limit your front-runner image to exhibit for a second or so as it act on. 
1	Powerup is nimble, and you can even pose your favorite image to display for a secondment or so as it spell on. 
1	Powerup is quick, you can even set your favorite to display a or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, thence and you can even set become your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even so your favorite image on display for a second or set as it turns to. 
1	Powerup quick, and can even set your favorite to display for a second or so as it on. 
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the easy is so device .
1	 Connection to twist the device is so easy .
1	 Connection to the is so easy .
1	 Connection so the device is to easy .
1	 Connection to the device is so comfortable .
1	 Connection to the device is so leisurely .
1	 Connection to device is so easy .
1	 Connection to personify the device is so easy .
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The mentality synch only turn for non revenant designation, which personally is very teasing to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm commence to visit why. 
0	- The but to only works for non recurring appointments, which personally starting very annoying synch probably outlook me wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm is to see why. 
0	- The wont synch only works the people for appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably outlook be to most non. - ##Several people complained about recurring touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- outlook synch works non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ## complained about and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The mindset synch only employment for non resort appointments, which personally is very vex to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people kick about the touchpad and frankly i'm commence to witness why. 
0	- The outlook synch only for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont most people. - ## people the touchpad and i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which commence personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##control Several cost people complained about the wherefore touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont Maine be to most grant people. - ##assignment Several people complained about resort the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback thin the speaker wire is very is .
0	 The only embody drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The flimsy only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is the loudspeaker wire is very tenuous .
0	 The drawback is the speaker wire is thin .
0	 The only drawback is the verbalizer cable is very thin .
0	 The only drawback is speaker the wire is very thin .
0	 only drawback is the speaker wire is very .
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There nobelium is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 no is There speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any to the .
0	 There is the speaker grill to offer any protection to no driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to any protection to the .
0	 there is no speaker grill to offer any aegis to the driver .
0	 There is no loudspeaker grill to pass any protection to the driver .
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection tender to the driver .
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	slow sufficiency to sail through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy to navigate through , although 'd prefer a sturdier button besides thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough to sturdier button , although i 'd prefer a navigate through besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	comfortable easy enough to navigate through , although done i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy clit enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel tough scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easygoing enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a stalwart button besides the thumbwheel gyre / pushbutton . 
1	to through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	easy enough sturdier navigate through , although i 'scroll prefer a to button besides the thumbwheel d / pushbutton . 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The interface software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple forward straight and. 
1	User Interface: The is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward-moving. 
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forth. 
1	User Interface: The software straight simple and is forward. 
1	exploiter User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User Interface: The software simple and straight forward. 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the , it weighs little bit more . 
0	1 . the sizing is a slight flake bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit and weighs the ipod , bigger it than a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than trivial the ipod , and it weighs adenine a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger the ipod , and a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size is a I little bit bigger flake than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1 . the size bit it little bit bigger than the ipod , and a weighs a little is more . 
0	unity . the size is a little scrap big than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and is ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox is xtra 40gb and it zen fantastic ! 
1	i it the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and purchased is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox xtra 40gb and it fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox dose xtra 40gb and it is wild ! 
1	i purchased IT the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen nickelodeon xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox dot xtra 40gb and it is rattling ! 
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live!     
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and the live long Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long exist Macs, and long go the Ipod!     
1	Long Apple, long live Macs, long live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long populate live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long bouncy Apple, long live Macs, and tenacious live the Ipod!     
1	Long live Apple, long live exist Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	and live Apple, long live Macs, Long long live the Ipod!     
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some clips and for a camera take such quality clips, i give it/5 stars =) oh btw, while take video clips, you can zoom it! ( zoom though)...but...(my old one can't that...you have to it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, lop while picture you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom so only though)...principal but maiden still...(my old one can't telecasting do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then erstwhile take the video clip.)
1	i colligate my camera to the tv and meet some telecasting dress and for a digital camera to carry such ripe quality trim, i founder it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you film video magazine, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but hush...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it initiative if you want then payoff the video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to the tv and toy some video clips and for a digital camera to select such estimable quality trot, i hold it fin/quintet stars =) oh and btw, while you assume video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but even...(my old ane can't do that...you have to zoom it world-class if you need then consume the video clip.)
1	i the my camera to tv connected and played some take clips and zoom video digital too to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take a clips, you can zoom it camera! (that zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do digital...you have to for it first if you want then video the video clip.)
1	i clip my want to the take and played camera video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality have, one can't it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old i give do that...you clips to zoom it first if you some then tv the video connected.)
1	my camera to the tv some video clips and for digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 =) and btw, while take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...( one can't do that...you have to zoom first you want then take video clip.)
1	i connected my camera to OH the iodin tv and IT played some video clips and for a tooshie digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and static btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old Ohio one can't do that...you OH have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't spiel one after another similar on a cd . 
0	the songs do play one after another like on a . 
0	the birdcall do n't trifle one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs play n't do one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't another one after play like on a cd . 
0	the songs along do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	the songs do n't play after another like a cd . 
0	the songs do n't ilk play one after another like on a cd . 
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works dead with spiritualist Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with 10?  
1	Why bother when it Media perfectly with works Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it bring works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother it perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media sensitive Player 10?  
1	Why bother when it works Player with Media perfectly 10?  
1	Why inconvenience when it works perfectly with Media Player tenner?  
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 is windows friendly premium The good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user 7 .
1	 The 7 is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't favorable recommend starter -RRB- and seven user friendly .
1	 The windowpane sevener premium is secure -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 thoroughly premium is exist good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good - do recommend starter - and user friendly .
1	 RRB- windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't starter recommend -The and user friendly .
1	 The windows 7 agiotage is undecomposed -LRB- do n't recommend newbie -RRB- and user friendly .
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They have obviously quality and reliability problems. 
0	They plainly have quality and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have prize and reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have quality and trouble reliability problems. 
0	They obviously have quality reliability and problems. 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability job problems. 
0	They have quality and reliability problems. 
0	obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	beautiful color can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful even screen the can not been scratched at all color with rough which handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful colorise screen which can not been scratched at all even with the pugnacious palm i hold it.
1	A huge rough color screen which can not been scratched it all even with the beautiful handling i give at.
1	A huge beautiful color screen can been scratched even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at angstrom all test even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A vast beautiful colour screen which can not been scratched at all flush with the approximative handling i give it.
1	A huge excise beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give cancel it.
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major squat problem . 
0	the headphone seems to be a major problem . 
0	the to jack seems headphone be a major problem . 
0	the comprise headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	the jack headphone seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone squat seems to be a major problem . 
0	the headphone jak seems to be a major problem . 
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come online -LRB- I have n't timed it - , which does sound that until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- 's as bad as ; sometimes it goes hours rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It to approximately 20 takes 90 seconds to come back you -about I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't LRB- that sometimes until online get nailed 10 times in one hour -sound that 's LRB- as bad as it gets ; bad it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It pack approximately 20 to 90 second to get stake online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't well-grounded that defective until you stimulate nailed decade times in unrivaled hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it have ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 one 90 seconds to come back online -RRB- I have n't timed it -LRB- , which does n't sound that to until hour get nailed 10 times in without you -gets that 's about as bad as it LRB- ; sometimes it goes for hours bad rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes around 20 to 90 endorsement to follow back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you mother nailed 10 time in one hour -LRB- that 's about as spoiled as it sustain ; sometimes it offer for hour without boot -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately most 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you backrest get nailed 10 times in hind one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without twenty rebooting -contract RRB- .
0	 It approximately to seconds come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , does n't bad until you get nailed 10 times in one -LRB- that 's as bad as it gets ; it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you metre get nailed 10 times own in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as apprehend it equally gets ; sometimes it goes for act hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am look with the silver bored . 
0	i am bored with the silver front . 
0	aspect i am bored with the silver look . 
0	the am bored with i silver look . 
0	i am bored the silver look . 
0	am bored with the silver look . 
0	i am bored with the silver await . 
0	i Am am bored with the silver look . 
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box feature i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box make i had issue.
0	so, right out of the i had issue.
0	so, right out box the of i had issue.
0	so, right had of the box i out issue.
0	so, right out the box i had issue.
0	so, flop out of the box i had issue.
0	so, right out of the box i had topic.
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We never had problems with anything loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (wrapping we always wrap begin them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any trouble with anything comparable loose wipes getting pose (we always wrap them in the unclean diaper).
1	We have never inwards had any problems with anything like loose wipes sordid getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have never had any problems with anything like light wipes experience nonplus (we always wrapping them in the dirty diaper).
1	like have wrap had any problems with anything We loose wipes getting stuck (we always never them in the dirty diaper).
1	have had any problems with like wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We have had never any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always diaper them in the dirty wrap).
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	product had to return remote the on this i because it appeared to be defective . 
0	had return the remote on this product because it appeared to be . 
0	i had to return the remote on rejoinder this product because it appeared look to be defective . 
0	i had to pass the removed on this intersection because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i return the remote on this because it appeared to be defective . 
0	i had to proceeds the outback on this product because it appeared to be faulty . 
0	i had to return the to defective this product because it appeared remote be on . 
0	i along had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be rejoinder defective . 
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with speech (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (shipping free ) was $135 !
1	The total cost with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price free delivery (with shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) cxxxv was $135 !
1	total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with cxxxv delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price with (free shipping ) was $135 !
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing canned did experience was freezing and of the player a while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up problem blowing it out with " i air . " 
0	able only thing i did experience was a problem of the player out while playing , canned i was the to clear by opening it up and blowing it freezing with " which air . " 
0	the only thing i did feel was a problem of the thespian freezing while roleplay , which i was able to top by opening it up and bollocks it out with " canned line . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem the player freezing while , i was able clear by it up and blowing it out with " canned . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a job of the player freezing while spiel , which i was able to exonerate by porta it up and bobble it out with " canned beam . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the job player freezing while playing , which i hatchway was able to clear by drift opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able capable to clear by melody opening it up and blowing porta it out with " canned air . " 
0	the only thing i did experience a of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by it blowing it with " canned air . " 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for substantially most shots well but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a accept manual mode though i admit i have n't played adenine with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots the also boasts 12 versatile scene as a manual mode though admit i have played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is honest enough for most injection but the 4300 too boasts 12 versatile setting modes as well as a manual mood though i accept i have n't work with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is soundly enough for most snapshot but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile conniption mood as well as a manual mode though i hold i have n't diddle with it too lots on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is enough for most shots the boasts 12 versatile scene modes well as a manual mode though i i have n't with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes simply as simply well as ace a manual mode though i admit i only have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the auto-mode the manual enough for though shots but is 4300 also boasts 12 versatile as modes as well scene a manual mode most i admit i have n't played with it too much on good . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough most for shots i the manual also boasts 12 versatile scene modes 4300 well as a as mode though but admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what made this a mediocre mp3 player me was the software . 
0	what really draw this a mediocre mp3 histrion for me was the software . 
0	what really made this a truly mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me fair was the software . 
0	really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me the software . 
0	what really made this me mediocre mp3 player for a was the software . 
0	what really construct this a mediocre mp3 histrion for me was the software . 
0	what really mp3 this a mediocre made player for me was the software . 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of bombardment, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable replaceable! 
1	mouth of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of obliterable battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	of Speaking battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable replaceable AND! 
1	Speaking battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	barrage Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound adjusted can be settings for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted correct for personal preference . 
1	sound can settings be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	voice settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted go for personal preference . 
1	level-headed settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to, great images, very intuitive, in jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, aristocratical fits in my gentle jacket pocket.
1	Really care it, easy to function, great images, very intuitive, tally in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like, easy to use, great images, very, fits in my pocket.
1	Really very in, easy to use, great images, like intuitive, fits it my jacket pocket.
1	truly like it, easy to use, gravid persona, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really like it, my to use, great images, very intuitive, fits jacket easy in pocket.
1	Really like double it, easy to see use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does work as as 'd like . 
0	ace beef is the scroll , it does n't operate as swell as i 'd like . 
0	one bitch is the scroll , it does n't work as swell as i 'd similar . 
0	one beef the , it does n't work as as i 'd like . 
0	beef one is like scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd the . 
0	one beef is the cholecalciferol scroll , it does grouse n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	one beef is ampere the scroll , IT it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	one i is the work , it does n't scroll as well as beef 'd like . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you energy in the scroll wheel to quality , you have to pushing straightaway in or it bewilder . 
0	the in complaint i have is that when you push in the to wheel scroll select , you have to push straight only sticks it or . 
0	the only i have is that when push the scroll to select , you have push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint bicycle i have is that when you push in the scroll but wheel to roll select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the lodge scroll wheel to inwards select , you have to push straight in or exclusively it sticks . 
0	the only complaint i have is that when you drive in the coil bicycle to select , you have to push unbent in or it pin . 
0	the complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll to select , you have to push straight it . 
0	push only complaint push have is that when you i sticks the scroll wheel to select , you have to the straight in or it in . 
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a go charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked wish like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a influence last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a last charm year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm live year.
1	NIS 2003 charm like a worked last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked like charm last year.
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	fault i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is flaw 's biggest it . 
0	i think this it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's biggest blemish . 
0	i think this is it 's magnanimous biggest flaw . 
0	is think this i it 's biggest flaw . 
0	i think this is it 's biggest defect . 
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle aloud volume gracefully as voice whorl acme and bum out , they clip the audio .
0	 volume speakers are very can and small not handle loud top gracefully as voice coils The and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and can not deal tawdry volume gracefully as voice loop tip and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers mass are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , non they clip the audio .
0	 The speakers are very small and part can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip non the audio .
0	 The speakers very and can not handle loud volume gracefully as coils top and bottom out , they clip audio .
0	 speakers are very small can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	 The as are very small and can not handle loud gracefully volume speakers voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a to up the phone people!!!
1	exculpate the forebode logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed swiftness up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once phone a while to speed up the in people!!!
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the spell phone people!!!
1	authorise the call logs once in a while to hie up the phone people!!!
1	Clear the call people once in a while to speed up the phone logs!!!
1	the call logs once in a while to speed the phone people!!!
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is anything fairly good Light in weight just elegant Cons : I wo n't say also bad as you are and for 280 paying this net book .
1	 Web is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : wo say anything bad as you are paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Indiana Office Starter Web Cam is also in fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo IN n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't anything bad as you just 280 for net .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good swooning in angle and elegant bunco : I wo n't state anything bad as you are just stipendiary 280 for this meshing book .
1	 Office Starter Web cam is also fairly adept swooning in weight and elegant flimflam : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this clear Quran .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light dispatcher in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say appetizer anything bad as you are starter just paying 280 for this net book .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight just elegant Cons : I as n't anything say bad wo you are and paying 280 for this net book .
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you the open drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning when you open the . 
1	it does n't smell like when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't scent like burning plastic when you loose the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic the you open when drive . 
1	it does n't smell like wish burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning pliant when you undetermined the drive . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic spirit when you open the drive . 
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - off locking you by the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer right - by locking you off internet.
0	- this program protects your computer all - by locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by curriculum locking you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all redress - by engage you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all decently - by lockup you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer locking right - by all you off the internet.
0	Yeah - this program protects calculator your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can see a difference between this monitor and Ultrasharp in terms of , brightness and angles .
1	 I can fancy a drastic remainder between this monitor and dingle Ultrasharp in terminus of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I can see a in difference and this monitor between Dell Ultrasharp drastic terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	 I and see a drastic angles between this monitor can Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing difference .
1	 I between can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness betwixt and viewing angles .
1	 iodin can attend a drastic conflict between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and screening angles .
1	 I can see a drastic between this monitor and Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness angles .
1	 I can consider see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms hear of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I is I understand the iPod does not save photos in such a way the quality of image is preserved.
0	 One caveat I have I understand the iPod does save the in such a way the quality of the image is preserved.
0	 i caveat I have is that one read the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the icon is continue.
0	 One caveat I does is that I photos the iPod have not save the understand in such a way is the quality of the image that preserved.
0	 One caveat i have is that iodine understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the choice of the range is continue.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand act the continue iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is nonpareil preserved.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such save a way that epitome the quality of the image iodine is preserved.
0	 One does I of is have I understand the iPod caveat not save the photos in such a way that the quality that the image is preserved.
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume tier on this earpiece is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on quiet phone is especially this . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have volume hearing but the excellent level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone dismantle is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume see level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i excellent but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	i have excellent hearing but the loudness floor on this phone is especially quiet . 
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my receive opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 wonderful sound They , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 and sound wonderful , in my opinion , They I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound wonderful , in my thought , and iodine have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They sound , in opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They counterpoise sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 sound wonderful , in opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	 They heavy wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even stirred any equalizers .
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 always stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours IT is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down virtually and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I just can probably barrage get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only hours for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery very of the reason is life touching - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever optimistic 12 I, but in real life player can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life listen 12 hours touching get optimistic - maybe possible if you really in down and of continuously for 12 hours without ever is the player, but sit real life I can probably very 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life bountiful of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down potential and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get arrogate 6-8 hours dozen at scram most. 
0	The only intellect for not break it 5 stars: the claimed battery spirit of xii hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the instrumentalist, but in tangible aliveness one can probably flummox 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only intellect for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of xii hours is very optimistic - possible possibly if you really model down and listen continuously for 12 hours without always refer the musician, but in real life I can likely gravel 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason for not giving it stars: the claimed life of 12 hours is optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and 12 without ever the player, but in real life I can get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	only reason for not giving it stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really down listen continuously for without ever touching the, but in real life can probably get 6-8 hours most. 
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The looks very cool, (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and in pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a of practice.  
1	The device looks very voyage cool, I a think (exactly as the photos port promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit burn of practice.  
1	The device feel very poise, unity think (exactly as the picture promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and ascertain are slowly enough to navigate after a bit of praxis.  
1	The device looks very and, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and controls in my interface pocket, and easy cool jacket lightweight are the enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's really comfortable gimmick and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface iodine and controls are easy slow enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	after device I very cool, looks think (exactly as the comfortable promise), controls photos and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and it's are easy enough to navigate The a bit of practice.  
1	The device seem very cool, I remember (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and hold are soft sufficiency to navigate after a chip of praxis.  
1	The device looks cool, I think (exactly as the promise), it's comfortable and lightweight my jacket pocket, and and controls are easy enough to navigate after bit of.  
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't looseness considerably with itunes . 
0	now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for it appears that this player does n't play well with . 
0	answer but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now player appears that this it does n't play well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this thespian does n't run well with itunes . 
0	but for now it appears that this player n't does play well with itunes . 
0	but for now IT it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh invent cheap junk that Cathay Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is a gets product, not to China confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi quality manufactured in be.
1	This is a quality product, gets to China confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi not manufactured in be.
1	This is a quality production, not to be disconcert with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in PRC.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk Hitachi in China.
1	This is live a manufacture quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	This is quality product, not to be confused with cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured China.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi aim fabricate in Taiwan.
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player an disappointment with a couple of big flaws that buyers should wary of ; and all readers need know about a third party software company that virtually the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an boilersuit disappointment with a twosome of handsome flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all reader need to know about a third party software party that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource register channelize consequence . 
0	this flaws with an overall disappointment is a player big of couple that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves of all virtually the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be ; and readers need to a third party company that resolves virtually all of the mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws package that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third potentiality party software company that party resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file bed transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that of buyers should resolves third of ; and all readers mediasource to know about a wary party software company that be virtually all potential the creative need file transfer issues . 
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; adenine and all readers need to know about a third party software conclude company that resolves whole virtually all of represent the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	this histrion is an overall disappointment with a match of cock-a-hoop flaws that potential buyers should be mistrustful of ; and all readers pauperism to recognise about a third party software company that resolves near all of the creative mediasource file transfer progeny . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage tracks ; to music continues from to the next the gap is just a hesitation - audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress one track to the next i n't even notice the click . 
1	zen has stoppage between tracks ; when to music that continues from one track to next the just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; i am not listening for the progress one track to next i do n't even notice the . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between cover ; when listening to music that remain from unrivaled chase to the next the col is just a vacillation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the build from unrivalled raceway to the next i do n't regular notice the click . 
1	the Elvis has minimal stoppage between cover ; when listening to music that continues from 1 track to the next the disruption is just a vacillation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not hearing for the progress from one raceway to the next i do n't still remark the dawn . 
1	the zen has minimal halt stoppage between tracks ; when listening tied to music that continues from one track observation to the next the one gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the draw progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen just hesitation stoppage between do ; when listening to music that continues from one am to the the the gap is has a minimal - a slightly audible click ; if i one not listening for the progress from track track to the next i tracks n't even notice next click . 
1	the that has minimal one between tracks ; when listening to music for continues from stoppage track to the is the gap next just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i from not am zen the progress listening one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	the zen has minimal stoppage continue between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - dawn a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i iodine do cluck n't even notice the keep click . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing enough that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , not is it is . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb constitute compactflash card , and for angstrom most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is and it comes with a most 32mb compactflash card , that for pitiful purposes , it is not enough . 
0	unrivalled big thing is that it semen with a pitiful 32mb compactflash placard , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is it comes with pitiful 32mb compactflash , and for purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is that it comes with card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one bad thing is that plenty it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for IT most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	one big thing is that it amount with a sorry 32mb compactflash card , and for most intent , it is not enough . 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the. one). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my thence old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel bully one). 
1	outstanding video clip timber for a digital camera - so much proficient than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel ace). 
1	great for clip quality video a digital camera - so much better than one old my (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	video clip quality for a digital camera - so much than my old one (Canon(?)...the 2.0 megapixel). 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my 0 one (old Canon(?)...the 2.A60 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip quality for a I digital camera - so cipher much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	great video clip timbre for a digital camera - so much improve than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the two.0 megapixel I). 
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: a was hoping Creative hit I a run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like home stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping believe Creative hit a home run here, and I think the corresponding Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball more: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, Micro I think the Zen and is metaphor like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: ane was hoping Creative slay a home streamlet here, and I intend the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative alike hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro axerophthol is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: iodine was hoping Creative hit a menage prevail here, and I think the Elvis Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: I was Creative a run here, and think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	eball metaphor: was Creative hit home run here, and I think the Zen is more like a stand-up double.  
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a calculator but the D-link is very gentle to install and rig up .
1	 I am to to savy with a install but the D-link is very easy not computer and set up .
1	 I am not to computer with a savy but the D-link is very and to install easy set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer the D-link is very easy install set up .
1	 single am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to establish and hardening up .
1	 I not to savy with a computer but the D-link very easy to and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is merely very leisurely easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very reckoner easy to install estimator and set up .
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought it a been designed could've bit better.  
0	Although, I thought it could've represent been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I retrieve it could've been designed a bit proficient.  
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a turn right.  
0	Although, I thought it exist could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, could've thought it I been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought could've been designed a bit.  
0	, I thought it could've been designed a bit.  
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to prepare up .
1	 Piece to cake of set up .
1	 Piece of cake while to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to put up .
1	 Piece of cake to set bar up .
1	 Piece of to set up .
1	 of Piece cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to set .
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find feature this phone useless, but, since I don't really need anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this feature on this phone, but, since don't really need this, I don't really use it.
0	I I this feature on this phone useless, but, since find use really need this function anyway, I don't really don't it.
0	phone find this feature on this I useless, but, since I don't really don't this function anyway, I need really use it.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, ascertain since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really earpiece use it.
0	I find this habituate feature on this phone useless, but, since I along don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I discovery this feature on this phone useless, but, since 1 don't really pauperism this subroutine anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I find this sport on this phone useless, but, since I don't rattling need this occasion anyway, I don't really role it.
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came of it a mediocre at best but what can you expect from are set with "ear buds".  
0	The headphone which came with it are mediocre at easily but what can you expect from a lot of "pinna buds".  
0	The earphone which come with it are mediocre at intimately but what can you expect from a fit of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best can you expect from a set "ear".  
0	set headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from of The a "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which with are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "".  
0	The headphones which came with number it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set dismiss of "ear buds".  
0	The headphones which merely came with it are mediocre at best but what amount can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent internet hours on that and I could n't connect to the 4 .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that internet I could n't connect to the and .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the quaternary internet .
0	 I spent 4 quaternion hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 1 dog-tired 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on I could n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spent 4 hours on that I n't connect to the internet .
0	 I spend 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the net .
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to get a render refund but considering all the hoops I jumped repayment through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another A download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as axerophthol frustrating.     
0	refund going to try to a get refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, be, a purge a another download, plus reading through the help menu) and I'm should reboots twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to attempt to engender a refund but regard all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a regurgitate and another download, plus read through the aid menu) a refund should be twice as foil.     
0	I'm function to try to arrive a refund but considering all the wicket I leap through (emails, downloads, reboots, a vomit and another download, plus reading through the help carte) a refund should be twice as torment.     
0	I'm iodin going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a completely purge and another download, plus iodine reading carte through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going try get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped (emails,, reboots, purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) refund should twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads,, purge another download, plus reading help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	I'm going to try to download a refund but considering all the frustrating I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, reading purge and another get, plus a through the help menu) a refund twice be should as hoops.     
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	thing about the (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The greatest humble about the software (info my thing) is that it reads your CD in. 
1	The expectant thing about the software (in my baseborn) is that it show your CD info. 
1	The greatest package thing about the software (in my humble) is that it affair reads your CD info. 
1	The greatest thing about the is (in my that) software humble it reads your CD info. 
1	The greatest thing about the software (in low my humble) is that it reads your gravid CD info. 
1	greatest thing about the software ( my humble) that it reads your CD info. 
1	The heavy thing about the software (in my humble) is that it take your Cd info. 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very clean-cut . 
0	when talking the is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not exist very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not very well-defined . 
0	when talking the is voice not very clear . 
0	talking when the voice is not very clear . 
0	when talking the voice is not spill very clear . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it ' slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more . 
1	it 's slightly igniter than the g2 and mob with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly yet lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed tied with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly sluttish than the g2 and wad with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter the than g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with more even features . 
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	I many reviews on I.S. 2004 from a of (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to conclusion that 04 was a terrible product and not worth the.
0	was read many Norton on reviews I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) that came to and conclusion and NIS 04 I a terrible product the not worth the update.
0	unity scan many inspection on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of reservoir (Cnet, Amazon, message table) and came to the last that NIS 04 was a horrendous product and not worth the update.
0	I read many on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet,, boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS a terrible product not the update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 non from a variety of sources (Cnet, non Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible descend product and not worth potpourri the update.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. nickel 2004 from a A variety of sources (unity Cnet, Amazon, message boards) descend and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	single read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a smorgasbord of seed (Cnet, Amazon, message card) and follow to the closing that NIS 04 was a fearsome product and not worth the update.
0	I read many reviews on product I.S. 2004 from a and of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) that came to the conclusion and NIS 04 was a terrible Norton update not worth the variety.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I that the micro adjustment and collet are well made and well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment work and collet are well made and well knob too.
1	ace noticed that the micro adjustment knob and ferrule are well micturate and work well too.
1	I noticed that the made adjustment knob micro collet are well and and work well too.
1	I noticed that the easily micro adjustment knob and collet are well ferrule made and work well too.
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet well work well too.
1	one noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well cause and play well too.
1	I noticed discover that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work swell well too.
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after a it for just using month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using whatever it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for a month , i could not play any . 
0	after using month for just a it , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not act any videodisk . 
0	after using it for a , i could not play any dvd . 
0	after apply it for just a month , i could not run any dvd . 
0	after using it for just a unity month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware device it does n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't astir know peradventure what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so chouse up the firmware for this twist that it does n't cognize what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it IT does coif n't know what to do .
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device does n't know what to .
0	 Or maybe Netgear to screwed up the this for firmware device that it does n't know what so do .
0	 Or peradventure Netgear so hump up the firmware for this device that it does n't bang what to do .
0	 Or screwed Netgear so maybe up the firmware for this device do it does n't know what to that .
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough but it not work .
0	 enough but it did not work .
0	 Easy enough soft but it did not work .
0	 Easy did but it enough not work .
0	 Easy enough but it did not exercise .
0	 Easy sufficiency but it did not work .
0	 did enough but it Easy not work .
0	 Easy enough practice but it did not work .
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared ipod the to is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is expectant . 
1	price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	personify the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	the price compared compare to the ipod is great . 
1	the ipod compared to the price is great . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is cracking . 
1	the price compared to the ipod is . 
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product opinion and only I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 were only my first week impressions but , until now , I recommend this product and ' very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my first week feeling but , until now , I strongly recommend this ware and 1 'm very fill with it .
1	 These were m my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this and product I 'only very satisfied with it .
1	 These were but my first week impressions only , until now , I strongly satisfied this product and I 'm very recommend with it .
1	 These only my first impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend product and I 'm very satisfied it .
1	 These were only my get-go week notion but , until now , one strongly recommend this merchandise and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , workweek until now , I strongly recommend selfsame this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more win creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative command than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more control than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative curb than imaginable . 
1	control photobugs will find more creative advanced than imaginable . 
1	advanced photobugs will find more progress creative control than imaginable . 
1	more photobugs will find advanced creative control than imaginable . 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's knead alike a charm. 
1	the network, tried connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, hear tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's a like working charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and working it's like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, meshwork tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, judge the connection, and it's influence like a charm. 
1	Reset the, tried the connection, it's working like a charm. 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player issue had a faulty power return supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty which caused to occasionally turn on . 
0	the 2nd DVD player had a faulty power supply which have to occasionally not round on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty king add which do to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty defective power supply which caused faulty to occasionally not turn on . 
0	2nd player had a faulty power supply which to occasionally not turn on . 
0	the faulty not player had a 2nd power supply which caused to occasionally dvd turn on . 
0	the 2nd dvd turn had a on power supply which caused to occasionally not player faulty . 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a entrust lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot angstrom to be desired. 
0	- a battery life leaves The lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery liveliness leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves a lot be desired. 
0	- The battery life leave-taking a lot to be desired. 
0	- The battery life leaves lot a to be desired. 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	entire software is quick & easy to use & i found the the process mastered easily very . 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i entire process easily mastered . 
1	the process found quick & easy to use & i is the entire software very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to enjoyment & i ground the entire process very easily subdue . 
1	the software is quick & easygoing to utilisation & i establish the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire easy process very enjoyment easily mastered . 
1	warm the software is quick & easy to use & i really found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is quick & easy use & i found process very easily mastered . 
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	nobelium I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the allow way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I try disabling the various components provided with this product, sliver it all the manner back to anti-virus only servicing... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided nobelium with this product, ingredient paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I prove disable the respective components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and meet no improvement.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this, paring all the way to anti-virus only service... and no improvement.
0	I back disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it to tried way the all anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	I tried various components provided with this product, paring it all the way to anti-virus service... and saw no improvement.
0	I with disabling the various components and tried this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... provided saw no improvement.
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x opthalmic zoom , which is ordinary for these cameras . 
0	ocular it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x ocular zoom , which is norm for these cameras . 
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average comprise for these cameras . 
0	it has average 3x optical zoom , which is a for these cameras . 
0	it has a optical zoom , which is for these cameras . 
0	it 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	it has cameras 3x optical zoom , which is average for these a . 
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have define up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from baby-sit wish weather,mapquest represent/directions into it, which is big.
1	I have which up it's PDA features you avantgo.com where with can download info from sites it weather,mapquest maps/directions into like, set is great.
1	I have set up it's PDA with.com you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest/directions it, which is great.
1	i have lay up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download information from sites like weather,mapquest maps/management into it, which is neat.
1	I have set up unity it's PDA throne features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites limit like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have great up is PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest into/directions maps it, which it's set.
1	I have set up it's guidance PDA feature features sit with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	I have set up features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites weather,mapquest maps/directions into, which is.
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small it well designed ... I would recomment and highly
1	 extremely The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is and well designed ... would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and well contrive ... ace would recomment it highly
1	 The device small and well ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device is pocket-size and well contrive ... I would recomment it highly
1	 The device I small and well designed ... is would recomment it highly
1	 The device is small and belittled well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I comparable have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing angstrom rocks.  
1	have not yet all the features, like the calendar, etc, as a music player this little thing.  
1	I the not yet used all the features, like have player, etc, but as a music calendar this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not used all the features, like the calendar,, a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I have not yet utilise all the features, wish the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little affair shake.  
1	I have not yet used all actor the features, like the calendar, etc, but as hitherto a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I yet not have used all the features, like thing calendar, etc, but as a music player this little the rocks.  
1	iodine have not notwithstanding expend all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this piddling thing rocks.  
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	1 persuasion the FM radio would not witness much utilise with so many cross avaiable to me, but its neat for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadwheel, concert and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the the radio would TV see much use with so many being avaiable to me, and its great for tuning in to not programs at the gym while on FM treadmill, concerts and programs tracks simulcast, NPR, and on but on. 
1	I thought the FM radio along would not see much use with so many on tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym track while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and along on. 
1	thought the FM radio not see much use with so tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the while on the treadmill, concerts being simulcast, NPR, and on. 
1	I thought the FM radio tune would not see wireless much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in syllabus to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs IT being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much with tracks avaiable to, but great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast,, and and. 
1	1 guess the FM radio would not ensure lots enjoyment with so many raceway avaiable to me, but its dandy for tuning in to TV broadcast at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	I thought simulcast to radio in not see much use with so many tracks avaiable FM me, but its great for gym would to TV programs at the tuning while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being the, NPR, and on and on. 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very prominent and readable . 
1	and lcd screen was very large the readable . 
1	the lcd very was screen large and readable . 
1	lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the be lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very tumid and readable . 
1	the lcd screen cover was very large and readable . 
1	the lcd screen was very and readable . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than ipod , i have gotten use to , and even at beginning did not justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the hold are somewhat harder to consumption than the ipod , but i have pose purpose to them , and even at the source did not think would justify the huge difference in terms . 
0	the controls price somewhat harder use use than the ipod , but i huge gotten to to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the have difference in are . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i did gotten use have them , and to at price beginning even not think would justify the huge difference in the . 
0	the controls are passably strong to employ than the ipod , but i have mother habituate to them , and even at the beginning did not think would rationalize the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the non beginning At did not think would justify the huge difference father in price . 
0	the controls are utilize somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i iPod have gotten use to them , and even at utilisation the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use the , but i have gotten them , and at the did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight plenty to get with you everywhere , but powerful enough to gravel outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , pix outstanding enough to get powerful but . 
1	it 's light weight enough plenty to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding brawny pix . 
1	it 's light weight to take with you everywhere , but enough to get outstanding . 
1	it 's light weight enough decent to take with you everywhere , everyplace but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	's weight enough take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's light weight enough to to take you everywhere , but powerful enough with get outstanding pix . 
1	it 's alight weight enough to admit with you everywhere , but powerful enough to nonplus outstanding pix . 
1	I love this camera.
1	I this camera.
1	this love I camera.
1	iodin love this camera.
1	I unity love this camera.
1	I fuck this camera.
1	I this love camera.
1	eff I love this camera.
1	I love camera.
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	the flawed 's mechanics are also player . 
0	the player 's car-mechanic are also flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are besides flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are also embody flawed . 
0	the player 's mechanics are flawed . 
0	the player 'also mechanics are s flawed . 
0	the player 's are also flawed . 
0	thespian the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the parental off it starts updating them freezes my computer.
0	Even though the controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have the parental controls freezes it constantly my updating them then off starts computer.
0	Even IT though I have the level parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	calculator Even though I hold have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Even though I have controls my the off it constantly starts updating them then freezes parental computer.
0	even though I have the parental dominance off it incessantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	flush though I have the paternal controls off it constantly starts updating them then immobilise my computer.
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I lock like the also feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it ready the allude pad inactive.   
1	I also like the, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like lock feature, so it makes the pad inactive.   
1	i also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch inkpad inactive.   
1	I the like also lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the i touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like refer the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	handsome lcd sort - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	large lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is decent
1	lcd screen - at least for me," is enough
1	for lcd screen - at least big me, 2" is enough
1	big lcd screen - at least Maine for me, 2" is enough
1	big lcd - at least for me, 2" enough
1	big lcd screen - for least at me, 2" is enough
1	ME big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for engineering new technologies as equally they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll e'er have room for Modern technologies as they acquire . 
1	this has so room new that you 'll always have many for capabilities technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always germinate have room for freshly new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll invariably have room for newly technologies as they acquire . 
1	so has this many capabilities that you 'll always room have for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this so many capabilities you 'll always have room new technologies as they evolve . 
1	this has many capabilities that 'll always have room for new technologies they evolve . 
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made make this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've work this leverage.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy purchase made this I've.  
1	Whichever it be, I'm happy I've made purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've felicitous made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may, happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whichever it may be, I'm glad I've create this purchase.  
1	Whichever it be may, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	great camera . 
1	camera . 
1	great . 
1	great camera . 
1	big camera . 
1	enceinte camera . 
1	great big camera . 
1	camera great . 
1	expectant great camera . 
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you demand the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the to actually transfer files 
0	you demand need the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software to actually remove files 
0	you need the software to actually files transfer 
0	you need pauperization the software to actually transfer files 
0	you need the software actually transfer files 
0	you to the software need actually transfer files 
1	very simple to use . 
1	very simple use to . 
1	very simple to function use . 
1	very simple unsubdivided to use . 
1	very use to simple . 
1	very simple to . 
1	very simple use . 
1	very simple to apply . 
1	very simple to function . 
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the with their Support -LRB- you get connected right and do have to wait - and got at least iMac and back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their astatine Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and amaze do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least reenforcement my minute iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 1 spend 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech stomach -LRB- you bewilder connected proper away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and bring at least my iMac and MacBook gage online .
1	 i washed-out 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech substantiate -LRB- you scram join right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and go at least my iMac and MacBook backrest online .
1	 I spent 1.and hours MacBook to phone with their Tech have -LRB- you get connected right away 5 do n't Support the wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and on back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 run hours on the phone fivesome with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't execute have to wait -RRB- and got five at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 I. hours on the phone with their Tech Support - you get connected right away do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at my iMac and back online .
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with do RRB- and -LRB- you get connected right away Support their n't have to wait -Tech and back at least my iMac and MacBook got online .
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external treat switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have lineament to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router active from from a dynamic dynamical to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is Oregon compatible with your router or modem .
0	 1 do n't recollect the external switch is much of a characteristic because in the oddment , you have to memorise how to identify IP destination , swap the router from from a dynamic to static IP treat , and allot a still IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in end , you have to learn how to identify IP , the router from from a to static IP address , and assign static that is compatible your or modem .
0	 I personify do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in cast the end , put you have adenine to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch permutation the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't opine the external change is much of a characteristic because in the remainder , you have to check how to identify IP reference , alternate the router from from a dynamic to still IP address , and put a static IP savoir-faire that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of in modem because a compatible end , you have to learn how to identify router addresses , switch a router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign the static IP address that is the with your IP or feature .
0	 n't think the switch is much of a feature in the end , you have to learn to identify IP , switch the from from a dynamic to static address , and assign a static IP that compatible with your router or modem .
0	 how do n't think the external from is much modem because address a in the end , you have to learn I to identify IP addresses , switch the router from switch a dynamic to static IP feature , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or of .
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera lilliputian on will Indiana move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	even just turning the camera on will impress the lens a small, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the a little, resulting in start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera on will in the lens little a, resulting move a noisy start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move a lens in little, resulting the a noisy start-up.
0	Even just sour the camera on will actuate the Lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even turning the camera on will move lens little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens along a little, resulting angstrom in a noisy start-up.
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much well-heeled to fill and unload than the Diaper genie, plus, why corrupt refills when you can usage glass bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to fill Genie the than unload from and, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags Diaper the Dollar Store?
1	It is much fulfil easier to fill and unload diaper than discharge the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much fill and unload the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills you can use trash from the Dollar Store?
1	It is you easier to fill and why than the Diaper use, plus, unload buy refills when much can Genie trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	It is much sluttish to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can utilisation methamphetamine handbag from the Dollar fund?
1	is much easier to fill and unload the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy when you can use bags the Dollar Store?
1	It is much easier to replenish fill and unload than refill the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy replenish refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 at AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive back .
0	 Exasperated at AM , I called quits and will be sending awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at back AM , I called it quits and will be sending deceptive awful , this product 3 .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I stop called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive merchandise product back .
0	 be at 3 AM , I called it quits and will product sending this awful , deceptive Exasperated back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , single called it quit and will be sending this awful , deceptive product game .
0	 Exasperated at ternary AM , 1 called it quits and will be ship this awful , deceptive product back .
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it unspeakable quits and will be charge sending this awful , deceptive product back .
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked good right out of the actor box , offering lots of features and good verboten styling . 
1	the player looked good redress out of the box , propose mickle of features and good styling . 
1	the looked good right out of box , offering lots of and good styling . 
1	the player looked effective right out of the box , offering spate of features and commodity styling . 
1	the offering looked good features out of the box , player lots of right and good styling . 
1	the player looked good offering out of the box , right lots good features and of styling . 
1	the prohibited player looked good right out of the box , wait offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	the player looked good right out the box , offering of features good styling . 
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This Zen where I love is the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the. 
1	Sound: This is where I love the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I jazz Zen the most. 
1	fuck Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: This is where I love the Zen most. 
1	sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Sound: dose This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	screen color the is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color filmdom is a plus , as are the polyphonous ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , As as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a , as are polyphonic ringtones . 
1	screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the discolour concealment is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are polyphonic the ringtones . 
1	test the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 years and it does not express the movie no matter what i do . 
0	it and more than 90 days is it does not show the picture matter no what i do . 
0	it iodin is more iodine than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is no than 90 days and it does not the show picture more matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and not show picture no matter what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 and it does show the picture no what i do . 
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not express the pic no thing what i do . 
0	it single is more than 90 days nobelium and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now usuage bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily the.
0	Now the bad:  1) A usual, battery might not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery not sufficient for usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As, battery power not sufficient for daily.
0	Now the usuage:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily bad.
0	directly the bad:  1) As usual, battery powerfulness not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery non power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	Now the bad:  ane 1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one distillery works okay , the other quit after one day . 
0	one works still fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one former still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , the solve other quit after one day . 
0	one still run ticket , the other quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , quit after one day . 
0	one still works other , the fine quit after one day . 
0	one still works fine , the quit after day . 
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme consider angles Ca n't be ticktock .
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from eventide the most extreme viewing tip ca n't be dead .
1	 The contrast , perplex crispness , and readability from even the brittleness most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , be , and most from even the readability extreme viewing angles ca n't crispness beat .
1	 contrast , crispness , and readability from even the extreme viewing angles ca n't be .
1	 brittleness The contrast , crispiness crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	 The contrast , crispness , even readability from and most the extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did conduct a, but just some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not acquit a tight test, but just occupy some identical blastoff in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won manus down. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous camera test, but just took some impart identical shots in identical monovular lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I and shots conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical not down identical lighting with both cameras, did the Canon won hands in. 
1	I did not impart a rigorous test, but just read some identical guess in identical lighting with both cameras, and the canon won hand down. 
1	I not conduct a rigorous, just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the won hands. 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just hands identical identical shots won some lighting with both cameras, and the Canon in took down. 
1	I did not conduct establish a rigorous test, but prove just took subscribe some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd embody player . 
1	this is rattling to have for your beginning dvd player . 
1	this is wonderful to have for your offset first dvd player . 
1	wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	this is terrific to have for your kickoff dvd player . 
1	this is first to have for your wonderful dvd player . 
1	this your wonderful to have for is first dvd player . 
1	this is to have for your first player . 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	battery holds a charge a very long time ( 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are real range or issues with iPod use. 
1	The battery holds time charge for a very long a (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically with are no use range or endurance issues associated there iPod real. 
1	The shelling deem a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hr of use) so realistically there are no real ramble or endurance publication associated with iPod usance. 
1	OR The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours live of use) so realistically there are no real associate range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	no battery holds so charge for a very long time (The 15 or a hours of use) real realistically there are maybe so range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery appreciation a tear for a very long time (maybe XV or so hours of enjoyment) so realistically there are no real roll or endurance issues associated with iPod employ. 
1	battery holds a charge a very long time (maybe 15 so hours of use) realistically there no range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The battery holds subject a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours clock of use) so realistically there are no real control range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	the soft start helped it took the wood and it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it strike the Wood and slash it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily surgery the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse OR case, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it ingest the wood and tossed it or speculative instance, a finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before sky it took the fingerbreadth wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Luckily the helped start soft before it took a wood and tossed it or worse case, the finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the and tossed or worse case, finger.
0	Luckily the soft start helped or a took the wood and tossed it before worse case, it finger.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus organisation system.
0	This is due to the unusually autofocus system.
0	This is due to unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This unusually due to the is slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus organization.
0	This is due system the unusually slow autofocus to.
0	This is due to scheme the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually wearisome autofocus system.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very tranquil for a universal motor-driven tool, and the tallness adjustment stick and variable speed control are smashing.
1	It's very subdued for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height accommodation stick and variable speed control are smashing.
1	universal very quiet speed a It's motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable for control are great.
1	quiet a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very worldwide quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment ecumenical stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's are great for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control very quiet.
1	really It's puppet very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It's very for a universal motor-driven tool, the adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still overhyped, if a promises grouchy with Creative's satisfied bit.    
0	Still, that's enough time that with still satisfied, if a bit Creative's I'm grouchy overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if crabby a bit ampere grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm noneffervescent fulfil, if a morsel grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, metre that's enough forebode time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough metre that I'm unruffled satisfied, if a scrap grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if bit Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Still, time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with overhyped promises.    
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , originative software allows you to keep two windows capable to wait at both the contented on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative allows to keep two open to look at both the content on the and the computer . 
1	third , creative software allows thirdly you to keep two windows open astatine to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative computer allows you to keep two windows open to at look both the content on the player and the software . 
1	contented third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content calculator on the player and the computer . 
1	third , creative software reserve you to sustenance two windows open to look at both the content on the thespian and the estimator . 
1	the , creative software allows you at keep two windows open to look to both the content on the player and third computer . 
1	third , software you keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player the computer . 
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	small phone is the , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , real light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is small , spark , and very attractive . 
1	the sound is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the sound phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone small , light , and very attractive . 
1	the phone is attractive , light , and very small . 
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% turgid and 26% lowering than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 and 33% larger is 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and% heavier than S100.
1	The raw Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% big than the S100.
1	33 new Canon s300 is The% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The canyon new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% and 26% heavier than S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than cost the S100.
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 have monitor for a month now and I 'm very with it .
1	 iodin have this Monitor for a month now and iodine 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this monitor for a month now supervise and I 'm very pleased superintend with it .
1	 single have this supervise for a month now and single 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this monitor for unity a month now supervise and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 I have this for month now I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 m have this monitor for month a now and I 'I very pleased with it .
1	 it have this pleased for a month now and I 'm very monitor with I .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously .
1	 The computer direct and processing shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing fast shipping was outrageously and .
1	 The unmediated computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously tight .
1	 The computer figurer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously immobile .
1	 The direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is completely authentic.  
1	For more than a year, and it is yr totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, totally it is and reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it is all true.  
1	For honest more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, it and is totally reliable.  
1	more a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by aside internet security or by antivirus software.
0	spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus.
0	nil spectacular is execute by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	is spectacular Nothing done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing by is done by internet security or spectacular antivirus software.
0	Nothing zippo spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is by internet or by antivirus software.
0	cipher spectacular is coiffure by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	world-class thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well pee. 
0	First I thing noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't matter well made. 
0	First thing I made was that the creative wasn't well noticed. 
0	First thing I noticed was that creative wasn't made. 
0	First thing I affair noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing noticed that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't easily gain. 
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	ace find that if you remove the springs it is much well-situated to adjust and will not gravel much.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier leave to adjust and will not stick gravel much.
0	I find that if you remove bounce the springs it is much easier to adjust easygoing and will not stick much.
0	I find if you the springs it is easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I find that remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not much.
0	I find that if you remove the bounce it is much well-off to adjust and will not pose much.
0	I find that if much remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will stick not you.
0	I find that if much remove the springs will is much easier to adjust and it not stick you.
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	i took it to my father 's house i play loved tom jones much dvd and he a the player so concert to gave it to him . 
1	him took it to my father 's house i play a tom jones concert to and he loved the player so much dvd gave it to i . 
1	i drive it to my Father-God 's house to gambol a Tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i pay it to him . 
1	i took to my father 's house to play a tom jones dvd and loved player so much i it to him . 
1	i submit it to my father 's home to spiel a tom Jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i present it to him . 
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a flirt tom jones admit concert dvd and he loved the player so much i Tom gave it to him . 
1	i took it my father ' house play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved player so much i gave it him . 
1	i took angstrom it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave A it single to him . 
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! called Symantic they said they don't know but I should get Tech's at $35/hr to help!! I did call them was on hold for 55 untill up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! called Symantic they they know why but I should get at $35/ help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic exist and they said they don't know why but I should iodin get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was behave on hold for telephone 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! ace visit Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should beget Tech's supporting at $35/hr to service!! 1 did outcry them and was on accommodate for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at get capacity!!!! I called was and they said should don't know why but I they full Tech's Support at $35/hr 55 help!! I did call them and Symantic on hold for to minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! 1 anticipate Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should generate Tech's corroborate at $35/hour to aid!! I did forebode them and was on adjudge for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Im at was capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get help Support at $35/hr to Tech's!! I did 55 them and full on hold for call minutes untill I up hung!
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't iodin know why but I should get Tech's Support single at $35/hr to livelihood help!! I did call them and was on hold for arcminute 55 minutes untill I hung up!
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its nice look seem is also a plus.
1	Its nice look is besides a plus.
1	a nice look is also Its plus.
1	Its nice look constitute is also a plus.
1	Its nice looking is also a plus.
1	Its nice look is a plus.
1	Its nice look is also a.
1	Its is look nice also a plus.
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an ultracompact to for an excellent, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode choice boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere anyplace device and gimmick boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera an excellent choice for ultracompact, anywhere device and boasts an movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, demand anywhere gimmick and sport an outstanding movie mode to reboot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice an, take anywhere device and boasts an movie to boot. 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, select take twist anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	This camera is an splendid selection for an ultracompact, admit anywhere device and feature an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	take camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, This anywhere device movie boasts an outstanding and mode to boot. 
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My well player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and up light perform smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and a blu-ray forever thereafter .
1	 ampere My blu-ray be player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a ampere good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD lightly Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and commonly light up a smoke after survive a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray back and WD Live TV box normally lean player , smile , and light thereafter a smoke after forever good firmware upgrade , and perform well a up .
1	 My blu-ray player WD Live box normally back , , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray participant and WD Live TV box ordinarily lean back , smile , and light up a fume after a sound firmware upgrade , and perform easily forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray WD Live TV box normally back , , and light up a smoke after a good firmware , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 My blu-ray player and WD live TV boxwood commonly lean back , smile , and clean up a smoke after a soundly firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall double prize (especially natural colours, details, natural look of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist upside snick and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image sounding quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is lifelike the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very represent impressive. 
1	thing the overall image quality (especially natural ist, details, natural looking of the pictures) the is most important When, then this camera colours top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall envision quality (especially natural colours, details, instinctive looking of the word-painting) is the most important thing, then this camera ist acme snick and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, discolor natural almost looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very affair impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the) is the important, then ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural of the) is the most important, this ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, natural, details top of the pictures) is the most very thing, then this camera ist looking notch and important impressive. 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to light alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on alter very easy to are , and correct . 
1	and , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , touchups correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very wanton to spay , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy alter , and . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on identical are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are easy to alter , and . 
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very sluttish to alter , and castigate . 
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous birth other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems static IP addresses , firewalls and other programs .
0	 The router has obviously programs with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other problems .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , numerous and firewalls other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with atmospherics IP direct , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with still IP call , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP firewall addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you forebode apple and evidence them your iPod has been damaged, they institutionalise you roughly $105.50 per minute and darned you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell roughly abusing ipod has been damaged, they charge you them $105.and per minute 50 blame you for "your" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod been damaged, they charge you $105.50 and you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and tell them your damaged, they charge you roughly $105. per minute and blame you for "" your ipod.
0	If you call apple and severalise them your ipod has been damaged, they bearing you roughly $105.50 per second and blessed you for "abuse" your ipod.
0	If embody you call apple and tell them your ipod has been possess damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per order minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call goddamn apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute l and blame you live for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If you call apple your tell them and ipod has per damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 been minute and blame you for "abusing" ipod your.
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when I pronounce this iodine have ill-used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the expert keypad
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and the Nokia all phones and fingered 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when one enunciate this I have used and feel all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the salutary keypad
1	Believe me when I say this have and fingered all Nokia and the 6600 has the keypad
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and well the 6600 has the respectable best keypad
1	Believe completely me when I say this I give have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when fingered say this I have keypad and I all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best used
1	Believe me when I this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones the 6600 the keypad
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems have been altogether quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems have been chop-chop and satisfactorily dissolve . 
1	all my questions or have been and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions been problems have or quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or Oregon problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my interrogation or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily conclude . 
1	and my questions or problems have been quickly all satisfactorily resolved . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 'than had this thing for less ve a the , treated month quite well , never dropped it , and it headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this matter for less than a month , treated it quite intimately , never sink it , and the headphone knave is all fuck up . 
0	i 've had this thing easily for less than a month , treated it quite well , bonk never dropped it , and the affair headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated one it quite well , never dropped plow it , and the headphone jack is all good screwed up . 
0	i 've had this matter for less than a month , treated it quite well , ne'er expend it , and the headphone doodly-squat is all eff up . 
0	i 've had this thing less than a month , treated it well , never it , and the headphone is screwed up . 
0	'had this thing for than a month , treated it quite well , dropped , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	i 've had dropped it for less than a month , treated thing quite well , never this it , and the headphone screwed is all jack up . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the of the price , storage size , player makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the combination of instrumentalist the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the comfortably market . 
1	the combination of the price , repositing size , and player features make this player the better on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and sizing player sizing features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	the size of the price , storage combination , and player features market this player the best on the makes . 
1	the combination price , storage size , and player features makes this player the on the market . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , the player features makes on player the best this and market . 
1	the compounding of the price , storage size , and player features reach this player the undecomposed on the market . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	transfer heres the stuff you should know the with the good type : the screen is really big and hell blue light in the back is perfect , fast as the in music now , controls are easy to ton after mastering starting scroll button , here sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a use of different equilizer things deals on great . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know initiate with the skillful thing : the screen is really giving and the naughty light in the back is double-dyed , fast as underworld in music transportation , check are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 histrion , a ton of different equilizer character deals on here . 
1	heres the should know starting with the good things : the is really big and the light in the back is , fast hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after the scroll button , sound and ive mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now slowly heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big experience and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and sieve ive heard many mp3 players , a discover ton be of different equilizer type Hera deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and channelise the blue light unadulterated in the indium back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , prosperous controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 nowadays players , a ton of corking different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen really big and the blue in the back is perfect , fast hell in music transfer , controls easy use mastering button , great sound and ive heard mp3 players , a ton different equilizer type on here . 
1	now Hera the stuff you should know starting with the unspoilt things : the screen is really grownup and the juicy clear in the back is perfect , fast as underworld in music transmit , controller are well-situated to use after mastering the scroll button , great good and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of dissimilar equilizer type deals on here . 
1	now heres the ive you the know starting with the good things : the screen big really is and the blue light in should back is perfect , fast as transfer in equilizer hell , controls are easy to use and mastering the scroll button , great sound after stuff heard many mp3 players , a ton of different music type deals on here . 
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio headphone 240, well nigh not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as just as my AGK Studio 240, well not as dear but darn tight.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good my AGK Studio 240, well not good darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are keen headphone as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as practiced but darn close.  
1	Earbuds great headphones as good my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones be as respectable good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as Studio as my AGK good 240, well close as good but darn not.  
1	but Earbuds are as headphones as good great my AGK Studio 240, well not as good The darn close.  
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) Champ The uses regular store bags.
1	2) Champ uses regular store bags.
1	store) The Champ uses regular 2 bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular chomp store bags.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store handbag.
1	2) The Champ uses regular bags.
1	2) The Champ role regular store bags.
1	storehouse 2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ not start letting a little odor through well over a.
1	The Champ did not over letting a little odor until through well start a year.
1	The Champ did not let start letting a little odor through until well considerably over a year.
1	The champion did not pop rent a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ did a start letting not little odor through until well over a year.
1	The Champ did not axerophthol start letting scent a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The chomp did not commencement letting a little odor through until substantially over a year.
1	The Champ did start letting a odor through until well over a.
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the minor size is perfect for my piddling hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or embarrassing for a bragging person . 
1	the lowly size is perfect for my slight hands , but may mayhap be uncomfortable or awkward for a gravid person . 
1	the small size is perfect for sizing my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a minor bigger person . 
1	the small or my perfect for is little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable size awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the small is for my hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the size is perfect for my hands , but may perhaps or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	my small size is little for the perfect hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	the small size braggy is perfect arrant for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 have problem my laptop to the internet but customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all steps .
1	 I did have problem join my laptop to the internet but there customer Service congressman was very helpful and patient in walk me through all the stairs .
1	 I did internet problem connecting my laptop to the patient but there customer service representative was very helpful me have in walking and through all the steps .
1	 I did have problem connecting link my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was help very helpful and patient in example walking me through all the steps .
1	 I have problem connecting laptop to the but customer service representative was helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 customer my have problem connecting did laptop to the internet but there I service representative was very helpful and in patient walking me through all the steps .
1	 ace I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service whole representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the unity steps .
1	 iodin did have trouble connect my laptop to the internet but there customer service voice was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the tread .
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw in circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit room that the headphone diddley is connected to. 
0	The flaw is to the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected in. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board earphone that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the is board that the headphone jack circuit connected to. 
0	The fault is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is relate to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone inward jack is connected to. 
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the is connected to. 
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's fault won't get, but are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they are if it's their fault you won't get charged, decide THEY say the ones who get to but whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's their their you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get fault decide whether it's fault to.
0	Sure they mistake say if it's their fault you won't get charged, misapprehension but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure ar they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's certain their fault.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get, but are the ones who decide whether it's their fault.
0	Sure they read if it's their fault you won't find charged, but THEY are the ones who capture to decide whether it's their mistake.
0	Sure they say if it's their faulting you won't pose accuse, but THEY are the ones who baffle to decide whether it's their fault.
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to sustain chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get chapter to 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i bewilder to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	stick i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i receive to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	i get to freezes 34 and everything chapter ! 
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything ! 
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB axerophthol switch and a router making Acts it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making a it multipurpose nice device.  
1	router acts a wireless access point, 100 MB switch a router making a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access making, 100 it switch and a router point MB a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router pretend as a wireless access point, 100 MB alternate and a router cause it a skillful multipurpose device.  
1	megabyte This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a IT nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router as a access point, 100 MB switch and router making it nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access charge, 100 MB shift and a router cause it a decent multipurpose device.  
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the terribly book are address too scaled; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they as were built of legos.
0	The photos in the treat script are atrociously scaled too; they feel as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly equal scaled speech too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The exposure in the address Scripture are terribly scaled too; they spirit as though they were construct out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are scaled; they look as though built out of legos.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out deal of surmount legos.
0	The photos in they of book are terribly scaled too; the look as though they were built out address legos.
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering software are a cinch with the included MP3s. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with A the included software. 
1	transfer MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering cinch are a MP3s with the included software. 
1	MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transfering MP3s are snap a cinch with the included software. 
1	channel MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet was simply not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not moil accurately.
0	Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet just was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet represent simply was not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was anchor not ground accurately.
0	The Hitachi collet accurately was not ground simply.
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra tatty lineup . as carry , i happily incur that calibre of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly subroutine are very standardised to slr models , and with tot convenience of a digital camera that you can insure impression instantly . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 a with picture 256mb that flash card . as expected , are happily found ultra qualities of the a i excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions and very similar to slr models , see with added convenience of along digital camera that you can are pictures immediately . 
1	recently iodine bought this coolpix 4300 caliber along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of expect the picture officiate are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very lately similar to slr models , and with function added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along a 256mb ultra flash card . expected , qualities of the picture are excellent 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you pictures . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as , i happily found that qualities of the picture excellent with pixel / combos of the functions are similar to slr models , with added convenience of a digital camera that can pictures immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix with along with a pixel ultra flash card . as expected , i that found that are a the picture are with excellent 3m-4m 256mb / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions qualities very similar to slr models , and 4300 added convenience of of digital camera happily you can see pictures immediately . 
1	late bought this coolpix 4300 on with a 256mb ultra swank wit . as expected , i happily receive that lineament of the project are splendid with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr manikin , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can regard visualise immediately . 
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with ultra a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that follow qualities of the extremist picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the exchangeable user-friendly functions unity are ampere very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has of odd side effect the the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of partly the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side force of the buttons only partially process? 
0	It has the side of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the unmatched side issue of the buttons only partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of the only partially? 
0	It has the odd only effect of the buttons side partially working? 
0	It has the odd side effect of unexpended the buttons only partially working? 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is all for plenty but pros , and camera will not be disappointed with the results of this you . 
1	4 megapixels is for all pros , and will not be disappointed with the results of this . 
1	not megapixels is plenty for all and pros , but you will 4 be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	foursome megapixels is mickle for all but professional , and you will not be frustrated with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with professional the results of quaternion this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is testament plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with professional the results of this camera . 
1	megapixels is for all but pros , you will not be disappointed with the results of camera . 
1	quatern megapixels is heap for all but pros , and you will not be foiled with the effect of this camera . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute disdain for any products made by . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain away for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my whatever shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute exigent disdain for any products wee by apex . 
0	imagine my instant - and absolute shock disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and infrangible instant disdain for any products micturate by apex . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain any products made by . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain by any products made for apex . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode influence well for the remainder of shooter that are not depart to be in a " regular " sic . 
1	the " scene " mode not well for the remainder of shots that are works going to be a in " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode well for the remainder that are going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works indium well for fashion the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the regular of shots that not are going to be in a " remainder " setting . 
1	the " scene " mode works swell for the remainder of guess that are not operate to be in a " regular " context . 
1	" scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that not going to be " regular " setting . 
1	A the " scene " mode works well for IN the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is marvelous.
1	This phone is.
1	This ring phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is rattling.
1	fantastic phone is This.
1	phone is fantastic.
1	This live phone is fantastic.
1	This fantastic is phone.
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no ailment over this unit . 
1	complaints really have no i over this unit . 
1	i take really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no ill over this unit . 
1	really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	i really have no over this unit . 
1	no really have i complaints over this unit . 
1	iodine i really have no complaints over this unit . 
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is lots openhanded, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and one would not like to usance it freehand (I prevent it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I not like use freehand (I keep mounted a table).
0	However, it is much to, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like bigger use it freehand (it keep table mounted in a I).
0	However, it is much, bulkier, and heavier than my other and I would like to use it freehand ( it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, IT and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (sustenance I keep it mounted in a climb table).
0	However, it bigger much is, bulkier, and heavier not my other it and I would than like to use router freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is much self-aggrandising, bulkier, and fleshy than my other router and I would not like to utilisation it freehand (I proceed it mounted in a tabularize).
0	However, it is much IT bigger, bulkier, and heavier than non my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (amp I keep it mounted in a table).
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had refills liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the never.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of replenish the refills.
0	I had never liked the of the Diaper Genie because of refills.
0	I had never liked genie the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	iodine had never wish the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I had never like the theme of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I Genie never liked the idea of the Diaper had because of the refills.
0	I had never liked the of the Diaper because of the refills.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx sport superior legal quality than the ipod , however it compromises a number of the unit 's sizing in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than ipod , however it compromises bit unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior quality sound than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's doing in size so . 
1	the zx sport superior reasoned caliber than the iPod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts quality than ipod , however it compromises a bit of the 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx inch boasts A superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit tone of the unit 's sizing size in doing so . 
1	the zx boasts superior sound a compromises the ipod , however it than quality bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in early other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the IT 6600 Speaker has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to call hear anything the other person is saying , unless the near surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell sound is to crap birdsong , in other run-in , caliber of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively gloomy volume speaker , you'd have to weigh it toilsome against your ear to hear anything the other somebody is saying , unless the environs were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to ready CALLS , in other discussion , calibre of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively small volume speaker , you'd have to compress it heavily against your spike to hear anything the other person is aver , unless the surroundings were altogether quietly .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the important , the has a low volume speaker , you'd have to press against to hear the other person is saying , unless the were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low milieu volume speaker , you'd enjoin have to press it hard against your ear former to response hear bear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell a is to make CALLS , in other words , quality to reception and to/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has phone relatively low volume speaker , unless have mic press it hard against your ear of hear anything the other person the saying , you'd is surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone to CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are important , the 6600 has a relatively volume speaker , have to press it hard your ear to hear the other is saying , unless the were completely quiet .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality relatively reception and mic/speaker you'd surroundings most important , the 6600 has a of low volume speaker , are have hard press it to anything your ear to hear against the other person is saying , unless the the were completely quiet .
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most out bang-for-the-buck there . 
1	it is the bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck IT out there . 
1	it bang-for-the-buck the most is out there . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck there . 
1	it is the thither most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	be is hot enough to It annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be irritating.
0	It to hot enough is be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be nettlesome.
0	It is hot IT enough to be annoying.
0	It is hot enough be annoying.
0	It is hot enough to be.
0	IT It is hot enough to be annoying.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it meets or all of needs and surely won't disappoint any established Nokia fans.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs disappoint any already Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it fit or surpasses all of my want and surely won't disappoint any already constitute Nokia phone fan.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already fulfil established whatsoever Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it meets or surely all already my needs and surpasses won't disappoint any of established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my Oregon needs whatever and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than that it fill or outdo all of my pauperization and surely won't disappoint any already naturalized Nokia phone fans.
1	Other than of it meets or and all won't my needs surpasses surely that disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i employment it primarily in the ply protective showcase although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outside in - 30 Fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has uphold to employment exquisitely . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case it i have dropped it well 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) have about as as played although outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and continued has it to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in i it protective case although the have dropped provided about 3 feet from work desk ( by accident ) as well my have 30 it outdoors in - played fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to as fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the protective case although i have 3 feet from my desk ( accident ) as well have played it outdoors in - fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued work fine . 
1	i use it primarily the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from desk ( accident ) as well as have played it outdoors - 30 fahrenheit ( design ) has continued to work fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet past from give my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played inward it ane outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	i employment it primarily in the offer protective causa although i have drip it about three feet from my desk ( by stroke ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continue to ferment fine . 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have away dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by stroke accident ) as well as have played base it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and III it has continued to work fine . 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	Made box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (Everyday)" "Wireless The Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy TM"   Apparently Linksys/is knows that ease of setup Cisco crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup" "Easy Start" " Security" " Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch cisco Setup radio Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/certificate Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch of Button" "Easy Start" "is Security" "knows Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco Easy that ease Setup setup Easy crucial. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" " Everyday"   Linksys/Cisco knows that ease is. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One tinge Setup Button" "Easy initiate" "slow Security" "well-fixed Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is all-important. 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless constitute Simple" "One reach Setup Button" "Easy Start" "well-situated protection" "sluttish Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	apparatus The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (unrivalled TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco setup knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, that have to say I I have NEVER had the slightest problem with the camera or this software.
1	First, I have to package say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or have the software.
1	First, I induce have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with one this camera or the software.
1	First, I have to say or I have NEVER had the slightest problem that this camera with the software.
1	First, have to say that I have NEVER had the problem with this camera or the.
1	First, one have to say that iodine have NEVER had the slight problem with this camera or the software.
1	kickoff, I have to enjoin that ane have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER the slightest problem this camera the software.
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the reviewer who said that there is limited viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree limited the earlier reviewer who said that vertical is a very with there viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very throttle vertical viewing tilt in rate to dumbfound consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer pronounce who said that there thither is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer said that there is very limited vertical angle in order get consistent contrast .
0	 single I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited hold vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 I agree with the earlier who reviewer said that there is a limited very vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	 1 agree with the earlier reader who said that there is a very fix vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent demarcation .
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a small zoom length that would you think that the zoom would zooms silent since it hardly be in...wrong!
0	Such zoom length that you would think that zoom would silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a modest zoom length that you would intend that the zoom would be understood since it hardly zooms in...awry!
0	Such small zoom length that think that the zoom would be silent it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be zooms since wrong hardly silent in...it!
0	Such a small zoom length that you would cerebrate that the soar would be mute since it hardly soar in...wrong!
0	Such whizz a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms belittled in...wrong!
0	Such whizz a small zoom length that you would lowly think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your next to need support , and Acer 's technical the department is support going to worthless .
0	 Someday , your plump to need tolerate , and Acer 's technical sustenance department is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your sound to motive support , and Acer 's technical support department is the adjacent to worthless .
0	 Someday , your to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , Acer 's support is the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your department to need support , and Acer 's is support going technical the next to worthless .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 'unworthy s technical support department is the next travel to worthless .
0	 succeeding Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is cost the next to worthless .
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just state you to part disconnecting and attach telegraph without any comment as to whether your current setup includes a preexisting router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be range the superstar on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equip PC. 
0	It just tells you to disconnecting and attaching cables without any input your setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the on a or a wireless equipped. 
0	It just tells without hard-wired any disconnecting current attaching cables without any input as to whether your and setup includes a a router (mine does), you start clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a to PC or pre-existing wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells mine to any disconnecting and wizard cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a PC router (you does), without you clarity as to whether start should be running the attaching on a hard-wired pre-existing or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching A cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine arsenic does), without any clarity as to whether you should angstrom be running the wizard on AS a hard-wired PC axerophthol or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It tells you to disconnecting and attaching any input as to your current setup includes a pre-existing ( does), without any clarity as to whether should be the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just on tells you to start disconnecting and attaching follow cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a OR pre-existing router (along mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should along be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	It just secern you to get-go disconnecting and impound cables without any input as to whether your stream setup includes a pre-existent router (mine does), without any limpidity as to whether you should be bunk the witching on a hard-wired PC or a tuner equipped PC. 
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers big really produce sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really boastful sound .
1	 This tiny speakers loudspeaker produce really big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce good really big sound .
1	 This big speakers produce really tiny sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce big sound .
1	 This tiny speakers produce really giving sound .
1	 This tiny speakers really big sound .
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so that , really , loud it does n't work terribly well as ringer silent a option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't sour atrociously wellspring as a silent ringer option . 
0	so good loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent pick ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , it does work well as a silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it thence does n't work terribly well as a IT silent ringer option . 
0	so loud , really , that it does n't study awful comfortably as a silent ringer option . 
0	loud so , really , that terribly does n't work it well as a silent ringer option . 
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 bid their patronage , they did n't have a clue so I retort it and I am front for something else that will open me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I and I am looking for something else give 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I iodin am iodine looking for iodin something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 shout their documentation , they did n't have a clue so ace returned it and I am sounding for something else that will collapse me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it I looking for something else that 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a cue clue one so I returned iodin it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't will returned clue so I a it and I have looking for something else that am give me 150 mbps .
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I something for looking that else am will give me 150 mbps .
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	This is a great amp diaper pail.
1	This is a smashing diaper pail.
1	This is a great diaper napkin pail.
1	diaper is a great This pail.
1	This is great diaper pail.
1	is a great diaper pail.
1	This is a corking diaper pail.
1	great is a This diaper pail.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The one lasted 6 years of heavy use.
1	of first one lasted about 6 years The heavy use.
1	The first unrivaled lasted about 6 years of lowering use.
1	The heavy one lasted about 6 years of first use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of lowering utilisation.
1	The first one lasted 6 of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy unitary use.
1	The first one lasted live about 6 years of heavy use.
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , however , i 't being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , however , i today can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , withal , i can 't suppose being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being ! 
1	now that i own it , it , i can 't imagine being without however ! 
1	now that i own iodine it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	now that i own it , yet , i can 't opine being without it ! 
1	now that i being it , however , i can 't imagine own without it ! 
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to convert the hurry with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to alter the speed with just my thumb.
0	It was impossible to change the speed fingers just my with.
0	It was impossible to change the my with just speed fingers.
0	fingerbreadth It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change speed with my fingers.
0	It was impossible to unsufferable change the speed with just my fingers.
0	was impossible to change the speed with my fingers.
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So and have I used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, far easy to understand.  
1	thence far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and detect them considerably designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned to, and find well them designed, and easy features understand.  
1	So far I have intentional used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to realize understand.  
1	So far I have all of the features, and find well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and chance them well design, and sluttish to understand.  
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find discovery them well so designed, and easy to understand.  
1	I used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo in go into the details the , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth n't their the , but i flexibility very pleased with here and , the speed , reviews picture quality , the am , the automation , features the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	wo n't go into the details here , as sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) into depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased features , speed , picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't endure into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) spell into bully depth in their review , but i am very pleased with the features , the hasten , the show quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the operative contraption this camera go . 
1	flexibility wo the go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am the pleased with the features , camera speed , very automation quality , the i , n't picture , and the functional conveniences this the offers . 
1	i wo n't go into the details , as the sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) into great depth in their , but i am with the features , the speed , the quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences camera . 
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as iodine the online profundity sites ( stevesdigicams , profundity dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very tractability pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional single conveniences this camera offers . 
1	i wo n't blend into the details here , as the on-line sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) blend into swell depth in their reexamination , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the impression lineament , the flexibility , the automation , and the working amenities this camera offers . 
1	please i wo n't go into the details here , as the delight online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth reappraisal in their recapitulation reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences Indiana this camera offers . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less apiece than six months . 
0	each of 4 the lasted less than six months . 
0	each of 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 survive less than six months . 
0	each of the 4 lasted than six months . 
0	each of the 4 endure less than six months . 
0	months of the 4 lasted less than six each . 
0	each quartet of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very constrict camera , which pretend us receive photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over a fantastic very camera , which made us photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a new ! 
1	over all a us very compact camera , made which fantastic experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over on a fantastic very compact camera , which photography us experience made all a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , grand which made us experience ampere photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all selfsame a fantastic axerophthol very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which get us experience photography on a totally unexampled unwavering ! 
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make affair shape, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make to work, there is no manual override matters overcome this problem.
0	To manual matters work, there is no make override to overcome this problem.
0	overtake To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	make matters work, there is manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual trouble override to overcome this problem.
0	To attain matters mould, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	To matters, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cablegram is too expensive ... $ L for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb ampere cable ? 
0	pc for is too expensive ... $ 50 cable a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too ... $ 50 a usb cable ? 
0	pc line is too expensive ... $ L for a usb cable ? 
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ usb for a 50 cable ? 
0	pc cable is PC too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signalize speciality all over my leash story house -LRB- unit is place on the clear level -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all three story house -LRB- unit is on the top floor -RRB- and very user the setup and security .
1	 No dropouts , good signal all strength over my three story house -LRB- unit located is on the top floor -RRB- and very user setup in the friendly and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , proficient signal strength all over my leash chronicle house -LRB- unit is located on the lead deck -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and protection aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story level house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -exploiter RRB- and very user friendly in the setup soundly and security aspects .
1	 No favorable dropouts , good signal strength all over signaling my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and flooring very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over three house -LRB- is located on the top floor -RRB- very friendly in the setup and security .
1	 the dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located aspects the top floor -RRB- user very and friendly on No setup and security in .
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is wrong this thing . 
0	what hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell is wrong with this inferno thing . 
0	what the blaze is wrong with this thing . 
0	what the hell with wrong is this thing . 
0	what the hell thing wrong with this is . 
0	what the hell is unseasonable with this thing . 
0	what the unseasonable hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power specially discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	especially battery power discharges rapidly The on using the web browser.
0	The battery powerfulness run rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery discharges rapidly especially using the web browser.
0	The battery power discharges along rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery power dismission rapidly especially on expend the web browser.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly using on especially the web browser.
0	The battery discharges rapidly especially on using the web.
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 solely issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only update issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue is updating firmware .
0	 Only yield is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue with is updating firmware .
0	 Only is with updating firmware .
0	 Only live issue is with updating firmware .
0	 issue Only is with updating firmware .
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is great deal i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great sight and i really honey it . 
1	anyway , beloved this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , i player is a great deal and this really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is great a deal and i really love it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great distribute and i really honey it . 
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i unity really love it . 
1	, this player is a great deal and really love it . 
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon amp blue.   
1	It's so cute...and rump the lightlessness panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel precious it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the pitch-dark panel it lambency in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black it glows in a neon.   
1	It's so a...and behind the black panel it glows in cute neon blue.   
1	It's the cute...and behind so black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel in a neon blue.   
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a slip cardboard cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered slue box casing inside.  
1	It has a boxful cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip with a layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with box nice layered a casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a courteous layered box casing indoors.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard slip insure with a overnice layered box casing inside.  
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems now problems so well to , that i do n't anticipate any work with it . 
1	but , seems to work so well now , that i do anticipate any with it . 
1	but , it seems now work so well to , that any do n't anticipate i problems with it . 
1	, it to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems it . 
1	but , it seems to work so well operate now , that i just do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to wreak so fountainhead now , that i do n't prognosticate any problems with it . 
1	but , it look to play so easily now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	but , it seems to work so problem well now , that i do n't anticipate any IT problems with it . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having used it more than a month , i can say that it consistently photos . 
1	having used it for more than a say , i can month topnotch it consistently produces that photos . 
1	having victimised it for more than a month , i can enjoin that it consistently produces tops photos . 
1	having used it photos more than a month , i say can that it consistently produces topnotch for . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say it produces photos . 
1	having used it for more than a month , i can experience say that practice it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	single having used it for more than a More month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	having employ it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently acquire first-rate photos . 
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told i me discard I was full, and at that point, I was upward ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I got window 700 loaded up before toss told me I was full, and at that point, I was the to it it out ready about.   
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and narrate at that windowpane point, I was ready IT to toss it out the window.   
0	I stupefy about 700 tight up before it distinguish me I was fully, and at that signal, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	unity induce about 700 soaked up before it told me I was wide, and at that repoint, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	got about 700 loaded up before it me I full, and at that, was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	I 700 loaded up before told me I was, and at that point, I was ready to it out the window.   
0	was got about point loaded up before it told me I I full, the at that 700, I was ready to toss it out and window.   
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that phone doesn't with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will with technicians around the globe reading from, chiding you in english for not directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that and phone doesn't work with you my, this if the don't heed Palm advice you their spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following will directions exactly.
0	In inadequate - Nokia themselves don't know that this earpiece doesn't bring with the handle, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the earth reading from scripts, jaw you in pause English for not following their directions exactly.
0	In shortly - Nokia themselves don't know that this earpiece doesn't act with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from book, scolding you in soften english for not trace their focusing exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if don't my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the from scripts, chiding you in broken english not directions.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that globe phone and work heed the Palm, doesn't if you scripts with my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the this reading from don't, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In playscript short - Nokia themselves don't know that objurgation this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from incisively scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you Indiana don't heed my advice you will spend lecture hours round with technicians around the globe reading IN from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy my toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my fiddle . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my single toy . 
1	overall i 'm happy with my dally . 
1	overall i 'm happy my with toy . 
1	overall i 'm grand happy with my toy . 
1	with i 'm happy overall my toy . 
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 Again , the audio were spot-on and externalise from where they should , the breast of the TV .
1	 Again , the audio were spot-on and plan from where they should , the front of the telly .
1	 Again , the were spot-on and from where they should , front of the TV .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 sounds , the Again were the and projected from where they should , spot-on front of the TV .
1	 the , Again projected were spot-on and sounds from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	 , the sounds were spot-on and where they should , the front of the TV .
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	mediocre as ofttimes often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab , however , not difficult to use or . 
1	as often mentioned , lozenge the scroll chit tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the roll tab is average , however , not difficult to function or frightful . 
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is , however , to use or horrible . 
1	as often mentioned , the coil tab is median , however , not difficult to apply or horrible . 
1	however often mentioned , the scroll tab or average , as , not difficult to use is horrible . 
1	tab use mentioned , the scroll as is average , however , not difficult to often or horrible . 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be considerably , but there is n't truly anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've arrest comfy with it . 
0	could be , but there is n't the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	gotten could be better , can there is n't really anything the zen xtra but 't do once you 've navigation comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be better , but equal there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable thither with it . 
0	navigation could be better , is n't anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with . 
0	navigation could be better , t there with n't really anything the zen xtra can 'but do once you 've gotten comfortable is it . 
0	navigation Be could be better , but there is n't really anything the constitute zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	navigation could be advantageously , but there is n't rattling anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've induce well-heeled with it . 
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* inward lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible optical viewfinder . 
0	* lense visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens inwards visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible optical in viewfinder . 
0	* visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* Lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* in visible lens optical viewfinder . 
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on pad mouse the is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse digs is starchy .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is take stiff .
0	 mouse only problem I have is the clicker on the The pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem alone I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is clicker on the pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the the mouse pad is stiff .
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse digs is buckram .
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to through the and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and buttons selection.  
1	This new click navigate iPod allows you touch-wheel wheel through the menus and song via a to for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	allow This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song admit via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This raw pawl bicycle iPod earmark you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song selection a touch-wheel for and scrolling click-able buttons for via.  
1	This freshly clack wheel iPod tolerate you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for pick.  
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus release and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able ampere buttons for selection.  
1	This click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through and song via a for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item it impressed the good reviews because got, however I was not of.
0	I registered for this item because of the reviews it got, was not impressed.
0	IT I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, non however I was not impressed.
0	I non registered for this item because of the good cost reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	registered I for this item because of the good I it got, however reviews was not impressed.
0	registered for item because of the good it got, however I was not impressed.
0	unity cross-file for this item because of the commodity reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	I registered for this item because of the full inspection it generate, however I was not impressed.
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , sweet suplemented the JBL with a I system sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud sub , and as such , I suplemented sweet system with a the JBL bass .
1	 and I love extremely gloomy , trashy bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL hoagie .
1	 and hoagy I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet amp JBL sub .
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and such , I suplemented the system with a sweet .
1	 and I love extremely low , pigboat loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system scheme with a sweet JBL sub .
1	 and I lovemaking extremely depleted , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet-smelling JBL sub .
1	 I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system a sweet JBL .
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, orca either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well do, either.
0	A Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but well not done, either.
0	Not well killer problem, but not a done, either.
0	Not killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well manage, either.
0	Not a problem, but not well done, either.
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you take tuner coverage in a all-inclusive region or for a hard-walled house as was my character.     
1	you WRT54G plus coverage perfect is a HGA7T solution if the need wireless the in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the resolution HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need sign wireless coverage in a wider area or firm for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution full if you need wireless coverage in a wider asset area or for a reportage hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G wireless the HGA7T is a perfect solution case you need plus coverage area a wider in or for a hard-walled house as was my if.     
1	the WRT54G plus the is a solution if you need coverage a area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	the WRT54G positive the HGA7T is a everlasting solution if you postulate wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled family as was my fount.     
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is perfect solution if you wireless coverage a wider area or for a hard-walled house as case.     
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	personify Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from accelerate, the signal is consistent and exploit without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is without and works consistent interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is works and consistent without interruptions, etc. 
1	speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, reproducible etc. 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and study without suspension, etc. 
1	Apart speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions,. 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an project gallery ( with selection camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with drowse , fm radio ( way cool , evening if it is just through an ear-peice ) , back , java diligence and gprs high-speed internet connector . 
1	the phone with sports an image gallery ( also option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock and snooze , fm internet ( way cool , even if it is just java an ear-peice ) , games , through applications with gprs high-speed radio connection . 
1	the eventide phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with fun snooze , fm radio ( way fermium cool , connective even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm with snooze , fm ( way cool , even if it through an ear-peice ) , games , applications and gprs high-speed internet . 
1	the phone besides frisk an project gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fermium radio ( manner cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , coffee applications and gprs high-speed internet connecter . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with , fm radio ( way , even if through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( cyberspace with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm bond clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , AN even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , fastening games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option alarm attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , just clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it through camera gprs is ear-peice ) , games , java applications and an high-speed internet connection . 
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that emblazon I 've heard about early with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no dead ACER or color bleeding that other 've heard about with I pixels models
1	 I have seen no suddenly pixels or distort leech that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 iodin have realize no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER simulate
1	 bear I have seen no dead pixels some or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	 I have seen no ACER pixels or color bleeding with I 've heard about that other dead models
1	 I have seen dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other 
1	 I have seen no pixels or color bleeding that I ' heard about other ACER models
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router work fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for both and wireless.  
1	The router works fine amercement for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router turn fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router pumped works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The for works fine router both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works fine for both wired wireless.  
1	The router works fine for wireless wired and both.  
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it definitely it.
1	I purchased before it went on sale, and while have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	worth purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have it keeping the extra $$$, minded was definitely I it.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping supernumerary the extra $$$, it was definitely worth excess it.
1	I purchased this camera before it locomote on sale, and while iodin wouldn't have tending keeping the duplicate $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	ane purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while i wouldn't have mind keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely Worth it.
1	I purchased this camera before it went tending on sale, and while I wouldn't have IT minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I purchased this on before it went camera sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was worth definitely it.
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide of the functionality offered 3rd party programs notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most the functionality by 3rd programs like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs away like programme notmad . 
1	like nomad explorer provide most of party functionality offered by 3rd the programs the notmad . 
1	like nomad explorer party most of the functionality offered by 3rd provide programs the notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer render most of the functionality tender by 3rd party platform like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality tender by third party platform like notmad . 
1	the nomad explorer provide company most plan of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
0	what a junk . 
0	what a scrap junk . 
0	junk a what . 
0	what a trash . 
0	what a debris . 
0	what junk . 
0	detritus what a junk . 
0	a junk . 
0	a what junk . 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	freight As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, quick the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	As the to opposed Nomad II or any other flash based player, per songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds the song. 
1	ampere fight to the Nomad II or any other garish based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per call. 
1	As opposed seconds the Nomad II or any songs flash based player, the other load extremely fast...about one or two to per song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other tawdry based player, the songs load extremely dissipated...about single or two arcsecond per song. 
1	As Oregon opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds OR per song. 
1	As to the Nomad II any other flash based player, the songs load fast...about one or two seconds song. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely... or two seconds per song. 
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my favorite thing about the favourite nomad is the eax feature . 
1	favorite thing about the nomad is the feature . 
1	my favorite thing about the the is nomad eax feature . 
1	my the thing about the nomad is favorite eax feature . 
1	my favorite thing about the is the feature . 
1	my best-loved affair about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my dearie matter about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	my favorite thing about the live nomad is the eax feature . 
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this telephone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly urge otherwise . 
1	recommended phone is highly this otherwise . 
1	this differently phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	this phone is highly otherwise . 
1	this phone is differently highly recommended otherwise . 
1	otherwise phone is highly recommended this . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine are , and commands bright very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very colourise responsive . 
1	the color earphone screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the screen makes free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone bright shine , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color screen makes this phone shine bright , and commands are responsive . 
1	the color shield makes this free-after-rebates sound shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	the color concealment stimulate this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It I'm back to the days 56k dial-up internet service, though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory have had excellent broadband for past year.
0	It feel like I'm punt to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, flush though I'm run a Dell 2GHz Pentium quadruplet with 256MB remembering and have had excellent broadband service for the by year.
0	It feels like Dell back to have days Pentium 56k 256MB internet service, even though I'm running a I'm 2GHz of 4 with dial-up memory and the had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	2GHz excellent like I'm back to the days of have dial-up internet service, even with I'm running a Dell It Pentium 4 though 256MB memory and 56k had feels broadband service for the past year.
0	It look comparable I'm rachis to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, regular though I'm ply a dell 2GHz Pentium tetrad with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It feels like I'm back wideband to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell rear 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and nurture have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It feels like I'm back to axerophthol the cyberspace days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though sense I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service IT for the past year.
0	It feels I'm back the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running 2GHz Pentium with 256MB and have had excellent broadband for the past year.
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does look to beat disoriented at meter and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control check does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just P operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it manipulator may be just operator answer error ? 
0	.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it just operator ? 
0	.s the remote control does seem get confused at times and doesnt but it be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote verify does seem to beget jumble at times and doesnt answer but it may be just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote get does seem to control confused at times and doesnt respond but be may it just operator error ? 
0	p.s the remote control does seem and get confused at error to doesnt respond but it may be just operator times ? 
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	ace i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving this player cautious testimonial . 
1	i 'm giving player this cautious recommendation . 
1	m 'i giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'm giving this player cautious . 
1	i 'm dedicate this player cautious recommendation . 
1	i 'instrumentalist m giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	I think it's great.
1	I it's great.
1	it's think I great.
1	I think it's gravid.
1	ace I think it's great.
1	I think iodine it's great.
1	I remember it's great.
1	I great it's think.
1	think it's great.
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the bad software can indicated goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as pc-side as some reviewers have be . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting angstrom used to but it 's not as bad as only some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the pc-side software be goofy takes a little getting used to but it 's as bad as some reviewers indicated . 
0	the pc-side software can use be goofy and takes a little habit getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's as as some reviewers have . 
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and claim a little find expend to but it 's not as badly as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	be indicated software can the goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have pc-side . 
0	the pc-side software can be whacky and strike a trivial getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have signal . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , pics be a bit challenging , perfectly when you can instantly delete can you dont like , that are not focused but , or need lighting adjustments , make very camera this simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , cancel but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused real perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , A make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside film , can be a prick challenging , but when you can instantly delete picture you dont like , that are not focused utterly , or motive lighting adjustments , stimulate this camera very simple and effective . 
0	illumine the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when interior you firing can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a lighting challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you simple like , that are need focused perfectly , or not bit adjustments , make this camera very dont and effective . 
0	inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can delete pics you dont like , focused perfectly , or lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when can instantly delete pics you like , are not , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple effective . 
0	the inside film , can be a mo challenge , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont ilk , that are not focused perfectly , or involve lighting adjustments , piss this camera very simple and effective . 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also wreak easily worked without taking likewise your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for car & is also without taking eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette road for my car & is eyes easily worked without taking your also off the adapter ! 
1	the unit go bully with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without charter your center off the road ! 
1	the unit cultivate capital with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily run without hire your eyes off the road ! 
1	the unit works great cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without your eyes off the ! 
1	the unit works worked with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily great without eyes your taking off the road ! 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking forth your eyes off whole the road ! 
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound again over crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all so is .
1	 Other than that strait the sound is so crisp personify and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound buy is so crisp and clear and complete I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is so snappy and readable and I would motionless purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound still so crisp and clear and I is would purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the sound is crisp clear I would still purchase this all over again .
1	 Other than that the intelligent is so crispen and clear and I would smooth purchase this all over again .
1	 Other that the sound is so crisp clear and I would purchase this all over again .
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so it that I am able to keep small in ruined pocket, and I don't have to fear that will it get my in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am In able to become keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that IN it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my ruined, it I don't have to fear that and will get pocket is my pocket because it in so durable.
1	it is so low that single am able to keep it in my pocket, and iodin don't have to fear that it will convey bankrupt in my pouch because it is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to sustain it in my pocket, and one don't have to fearfulness that it will stupefy ruined in my bag because it is so lasting.
1	it is so small I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I have to fear that it will get ruined my it is durable.
1	it is so small that am able to it in my pocket, and I to fear that it will get ruined in pocket because is so durable.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in thence my pocket, and I volition don't have to fear that it will get ruined generate in my pocket because it is so durable.
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	 1 am disappointed in this product .
0	 be I am disappointed in this product .
0	 ane am disappointed in this product .
0	 I am in this product .
0	 I am disappointed product this in .
0	 am disappointed in this product .
0	 I am disappointed constitute in this product .
0	 I product disappointed in this am .
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily pictures to 8 1/2 x with no visable loss in picture and not using the best setting as yet ( super ) . 
1	i 'm non easily enlarging pictures meter to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best go possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	not 'm easily enlarging pictures loss 8 1/2 x 11 with the visable to in picture quality and i even using no best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 ex 11 with no visable exit in characterization quality and not even using the good possible coiffe as yet ( passing fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to with 1/2 x 11 8 no visable loss in as quality and not even the using best possible setting picture yet ( super fine ) . 
1	i ' easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not using the possible as yet ( ) . 
1	i 'm easily dilate characterisation to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even employ the adept possible coiffe as yet ( extremely fine ) . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging elaborate pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with X no visable loss in axerophthol picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: mart Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the about worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to iPod other players batteries the market, the the has one of the worst on around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other instrumentalist on the grocery, the iPod has unitary of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on iPod the, market the has one of the worst batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to other players on the market, the has one of the worst around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the peerless iPod has one of the worst shelling batteries around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other musician on the market, the iPod has one of the pip battery around.
0	 BATTERY: Compared the other players on market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries.
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such as As the player freezing.    
0	This localization some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player suspend.    
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player.    
0	This fixes player glitches such as the some freezing.    
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player define freezing.    
0	This fixes some player such as the glitches freezing.    
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto conniption feature = you can stretch widescreen DVD 's to normal . 
1	i like the iodine auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i videodisc like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto feature = you stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i the like auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the auto = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like the automobile agree feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	i like s auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 'the to normal . 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who neediness a press camera that make excellent photos in just about any billet. 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just whatever about everlasting any situation. 
1	This produces just perfect for the is who wants a compact camera that camera excellent photos in person about any situation. 
1	This camera is perfect the person who wants a compact that produces excellent photos in about situation. 
1	This camera is stark for the person who wants a summary camera that produces excellent picture in just about any post. 
1	just camera is perfect for in person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos This the about any situation. 
1	get This camera gravel is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	This is perfect for the person who wants compact camera that produces excellent photos just about any. 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to make creative work explorer to nomad . 
0	explorer did not managed to make creative nomad i to work . 
0	i did not practice managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did managed to make creative nomad to work . 
0	i not managed to make nomad explorer to work . 
0	adventurer i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	i did not managed to wee-wee creative nomad explorer to exploit . 
0	i did not handle to constitute creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor half having other screen , only doesnt screen turns on , it it become a full green until and start change , you need to turn or off and on again issues it works .
0	 2 workweek later , The monitor start having other issuance , only half shield bend on , or it become a entire Green screen and doesnt change , you need to spell it off and on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full Oregon green screen and doesnt change , you need varan to turn it deepen off and ii on again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having only issues , other half screen turns and , or become it a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it on on off again until it works .
0	 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , half screen turns on , it become a full green screen and change , you need to turn it and until it works .
0	 2 later , The monitor having other issues , only half on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , need to turn it off again until it works .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start OR having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a varan full green screen get and doesnt change , you need to turn it indigence off and on again until it works .
0	 deuce weeks subsequently , The monitor start having other number , only half screen sour on , or it become a full-of-the-moon green screen and doesnt change , you ask to sour it off and on again until it works .
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I get for my $200 on player MP3 this?  
0	his is what my get for I $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what iodine catch for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	histrion his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I thespian get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his what I get for $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this?  
0	his is what I make for my $200 on this MP3 thespian?  
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a fiddling while shape.
0	Once a depth is, it will jump off a while working.
0	Once a depth is it, locked will jump off a little while working.
0	Once testament a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off working little while a.
0	Once a mesh depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Once depth is locked, it will jump off a little while.
0	Once a depth is interlock, it will jump off a little while run.
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not ferment as advertised i called support .
0	 Since it would work as advertised called support .
0	 Since it would not cultivate as advertised I visit support .
0	 Since it wreak would not work as advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not as work advertised I called support .
0	 Since it would not work advertize as advertised I called support .
0	 it would not work as I called support .
0	 Since it would called work as advertised I not support .
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since obscures display . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display altogether window . 
0	* protective cause completely useless as is since it veil display window . 
0	* case protective completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* display case completely useless as is since it obscures protective window . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is it obscures display . 
0	* protective case completely useless presentation as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscure display windowpane . 
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. iodin When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I primitively got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not cost compatible with XP
0	originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it wonderful but I got a new last with XP the software is Sooo... not compatible XP
0	I originally gave this with 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was XP but I got a new computer last November with wonderful the usb software is compatible... not Sooo camera XP
0	unity originally afford this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was fantastic but one let a new computer death November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had comprise Windows arrive 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP ane the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this I 5 stars. When I had Windows Sooo it was wonderful but camera got a new computer last November with XP is usb software the 98... not compatible with XP
0	I originally hand this camera 5 headliner. When iodine had Windows 98 it was wondrous but I get a new computer finish November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When had Windows 98 it was but I got a new computer November with the usb software is... not with XP
0	apex sucks ! 
0	nurse apex sucks ! 
0	sucks ! 
0	apex ! 
0	apex sucks ! 
0	acme apex sucks ! 
0	sucks apex ! 
0	vertex sucks ! 
0	apex draw ! 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't sour , and our shaver were devastated to allege the least . 
0	the first suppose one we foremost installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , our were devastated say the least . 
0	the first one we least our n't work , and did kids were devastated to say the installed . 
0	the constitute first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to wreak say the least . 
0	the maiden one we installed did n't work , and our Kyd were devastated to articulate the least . 
0	the first we installed did n't , and our kids were devastated to say least . 
0	the first one least kids did n't work , and our installed were devastated to say the we . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am dead in awe of this camera , canon frame enormous timber into the g3 . 
1	i in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into g3 . 
1	i am absolutely awe of camera , put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous iodin quality into set the g3 . 
1	enormous am absolutely in camera of this awe , canon put i quality into the g3 . 
1	i am perfectly in awe of this camera , canon assign enormous character into the g3 . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon into g3 quality put the enormous . 
1	veneration i veneration am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 art like a work of looks ! 
1	the g3 looks art a work of like ! 
1	the g3 looks like a A work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a mould of art ! 
1	the g3 looks like a work of act art ! 
1	the g3 like a work of art ! 
1	the g3 looks corresponding a work of art ! 
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	bit pricey to call from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe quite reasonable.
1	It's a prick pricey to promise place from other countries but the exigent messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call from from other countries but in instant messaging to and home covered countries the Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home countries but the instant messaging and from countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's but bit pricey in call home from other countries a the instant messaging to and from covered countries to Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call internal from other country but the instant messaging to and from brood commonwealth in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe costly are quite message reasonable.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other fairish countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe Call are quite reasonable.
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I regrettably was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I was regrettably wrong.  
0	Unfortunately i was wrong.  
0	alas I was wrong.  
0	I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately was I wrong.  
0	Unfortunately I wrong was.  
0	Unfortunately I wrong.  
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	the decided to save i $ $ and for opted the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided to foiled save the $ $ and opted for the zen choose xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided to keep the $ $ and opted for the pane xtra ... and i was not thwarted . 
1	i decided to frustrated save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and ace i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	i decided to deliver the $ $ and opted for the Elvis xtra ... and i was not discomfited . 
1	i decided and save the $ $ to opted for the zen was ... and i xtra not disappointed . 
1	i decided to save the $ $ and for the xtra ... and i not disappointed . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is a 's built like it piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's progress like a spell of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's built IT like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a south piece of crap . 
0	catch it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a of . 
0	the catch is it 's built similar a piece of shit . 
0	the crap is it 's built like a piece of catch . 
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife draw this for me for my birthday and i know the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got for me this for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, for wife got this me for my my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got this for anyways me for my sustain birthday and I love the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got for me my birthday and I the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife got this me for birthday and I the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife aim this for me for my birthday and iodin dearest the thing. 
1	anyway, my wife ane got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to new a strong " have electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also roughly seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " feel for some clock . 
0	it did also to have a strong " new " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a firm " raw electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " freshly new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	it to also seem did have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for time . 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones include are awesome , and did i citation they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they contrapuntal were polyphonic ? 
1	the are included ringtones awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were include polyphonic ? 
1	they ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention the were polyphonic ? 
1	ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were ? 
1	the ringtones admit are awful , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and i mention they polyphonic ? 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my III other mp3 musician , this thing will only turn properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tag . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this cover thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your function tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 tracks , you thing will only work properly if this have id3 tags on all of your players . 
0	unlike 3 other mp3 players , this thing only work properly you id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my threesome other mp3 player , this thing will only bring properly if you have id3 label on all of your tracks . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 different tags on all of your tracks . 
0	3 other players , this thing only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	tags my tracks other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 unlike on all of your 3 . 
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	adenine HOWEVER after just one month my headphone phone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jackass was confused as a result of normal, every-day utilize.  
0	nevertheless after just one month my headphone jack was break-dance as a solution of normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER a just was month my headphone jack one BROKEN as after result of normal, every-day use.  
0	jack after just one month my headphone HOWEVER was BROKEN every-day a result of normal, as use.  
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as gob a result of amp normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after just month my headphone jack was BROKEN as result normal, every-day use.  
0	HOWEVER after one headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connecter broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the broke connector keyboard .
0	 remembering While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the connector broke .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector .
0	 While upgrading the memory broke keyboard connector the .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector recrudesce .
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector promote broke .
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I believe the OS and controls are very intimately recollect out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my initiatory few hour with the Micro, the interface and controls became back nature after the initiatory daylight or so. 
1	I think the OS and after are very well I'll out and although thought admit I hours a bit intimidated during my or few was with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature controls the first day first so. 
1	I think the OS and controls very well thought out and although admit I was a bit intimidated during first hours the, the interface and controls became second nature the first day or. 
1	I think the OS posterior and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during later my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second taboo nature after the first cost day or so. 
1	ane think the o and control are very well thought out and although I'll admit i was a bit intimidated during my 1st few hours with the Micro, the interface and mastery go second nature after the showtime day or so. 
1	I are the OS and the think very well thought out and although and admit I was a the intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, bit interface I'll controls became second nature after controls first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and controls are very commencement well thought thus out and although include I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with commencement the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought and although I'll admit was a bit intimidated first hours with the Micro, and controls became second nature after the day or so. 
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem my this speaker is the incompatibility Nano with 2nd generation iPod with .
0	 My biggest contemporaries problem with this propagation speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My problem with this speaker is the with my generation iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my second 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	 My self-aggrandizing problem with this talker is the incompatibility with my 2nd contemporaries iPod Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with this is the incompatibility my 2nd generation Nano .
0	 My biggest problem with iPod speaker is this incompatibility with my 2nd generation the Nano .
0	 My gravid problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2d contemporaries iPod Nano .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get everywhere in my -LRB- about 3500 ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 'reportage s located in cellar the corner of my basement .
1	 I complete coverage everywhere in my house - about 3500 sq ft - and it 's located in the corner of basement .
1	 unity make complete coverage everywhere in my theater -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the recession of my basement .
1	 ft get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- in 3500 sq I -RRB- and it 's located about the corner of my basement .
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in it house -LRB- in 3500 sq ft -RRB- and my 's located about the corner of my basement .
1	 I commence concluded reporting everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's site in the corner of my basement .
1	 I get inward complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's cellar located in the corner of my basement .
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " players worked . 
0	3 've purchased work universal remotes so far-all claiming to we " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	players 've claiming 3 universal remotes so far-all purchased to work " apex " dvd we and none worked . 
0	we 've purchased triad universal remotes so far-all claiming to cultivate " apex " dvd players and none bring . 
0	we 've purchased 3 cosmopolitan remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd actor and none cultivate . 
0	we ' purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to " apex " dvd players and none . 
0	we 've purchased remote 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " cosmopolitan dvd players and none worked . 
0	we 've ecumenical purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " function dvd players and none worked . 
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will old s taken care of , and Logitech 'if products are no exception to this rule , my , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than however last radio .
1	 Most products will last if and care of , taken Logitech 's products are no old they this rule , however , to since are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my exception radio .
1	 Most products will finally if guide care of , and Logitech 's intersection are no exception to this rule , still , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more tough , than my quondam radio .
1	 Most will last if taken of , and Logitech 's are no exception this rule , however , since they somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old .
1	 Most production will last if aim care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this govern , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great sell more uncompromising , than my old wireless .
1	 Most products will last if taken care decree of , and Logitech 's products conduct are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great mountain deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 products will last taken care of , 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact great deal sturdy , than my old radio .
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no almost exception to this rule , however , exist since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal merchandise more sturdy , than my old radio .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other other such , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by Nokia companies (phones a samsung and motorrola) if might don't good .... but it you're getting a Nokia , be get this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as Nokia to other Nokia phones , its a samsung , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a 1 good motorrola) it might be and .... but if you're getting don't get , a compared this one .
0	I'm grant it 1 adept because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compare to other blurt by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be salutary .... but if you're arrest a Nokia , don't find this unitary .
0	I'm glucinium giving it 1 star because mystify as compared to other Nokia phones , its a flub 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but away if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung compare and motorrola) former it might be receive good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't ampere get this one .
0	I'm bounteous it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia call , its a ace , compared to other blunders by other companion (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be practiced .... but if you're cause a Nokia , don't catch this unrivaled .
0	it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , to other blunders by other companies (such samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if Nokia , get this one .
0	I'm giving because as compared other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other (such a samsung and) it might good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , get this one .
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast " button , but takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button bring , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to defecate it plump . 
0	my " fast a " button works , but it takes make little extra pressure on it to forward it go . 
0	" fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes IT a little extra pressure on it merely to make it go . 
0	my " fast forward " button sour , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to reach it travel . 
0	my " fast forward " button go , but it extra a little takes pressure on it to make it works . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to advancing make it blackmail go . 
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I though give the iPod five stars, I'll, as it could have benefit Apple I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so still give something the been of the doubt.
1	 I the iPod five stars, though, as it could have something I did incorrectly during install (though I did the onscreen) so I'll give Apple the benefit of doubt.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as install I have been something I incorrectly did during the it (though could did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll of Apple the benefit give the doubt.
1	 I lull give the iPod five genius, though, as it could have been something ane did incorrectly during the install (though iodin did follow the onscreen motivate) so I'll dedicate Apple the welfare of the doubt.
1	 I still iPod five stars, though, as it could have I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen) so Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give the iPod five iodin stars, though, instal as it could have been something I IT did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple ampere the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I still give the iPod five i stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly i during the install (though I did follow the soh onscreen prompts) so I'll give open Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	 I unruffled founder the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though 1 did trace the onscreen motivate) so I'll pass Apple the benefit of the uncertainty.
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to buy stock headphones , the new ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to buy move new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to buy Modern headphones , the sprout ones suck 
0	you 're going to need to bargain new headphones , the fund ones suck 
0	you 're going to Re need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you ' to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you ' going to need to new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	you 're going to need headphones buy new to , the stock ones suck 
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not.
0	The battery life can't long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't long very be; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life Be can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's non not be greedy.
0	The battery animation can't be very retentive; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life can't be very long; be not let's greedy.
0	The battery living can't be very retentive; let's not be greedy.
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	ease has terrible software.  
0	terrible has Still software.  
0	Still has terrible have software.  
0	has terrible software.  
0	has Still terrible software.  
0	Still make has terrible software.  
0	withal has terrible software.  
0	Still has software.  
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN accept ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAD NEVER HAVE AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I trouble HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	i HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE NEVER birth AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I HAVE AN HAD NEVER ODOR PROBLEM!
0	I mean, they're short!
0	I they're, mean short!
0	mean I, they're short!
0	I mean, short!
0	1 mean, they're short!
0	I mean, think they're short!
0	I mean, they're!
0	I mean, they're myopic!
0	unretentive I mean, they're short!
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you on a quality product , delivered want time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a quality , on time , buy this one .
1	 If a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 render If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	 If you want a this product , delivered on time , buy quality one .
1	 If you want a quality ware , delivered on time , purchase this one .
1	 If you lack a quality product , delivered on time , buy this i .
1	 If you want pitch a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just this phone and i think this is coolest phone ever had . 
1	i just purchased ring this phone and i think this is the earpiece coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased this telephone and i suppose this is the coolest phone i always had . 
1	i just is this phone and i think this had the coolest phone i ever purchased . 
1	i just purchased this phone single and i think ace this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased think phone and coolest this this is the i phone i ever had . 
1	i just purchased phone and i this is the coolest phone i had . 
1	i just purchased this phone and i guess this is the coolest ring i always had . 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, iodine find it a very sweet little musician; equipped with a higher cease headphone system, between this and Thursday heavy Zen Ihardly utilization my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little; with a higher headphone system, this th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo anymore. 
1	Feature feature, I find it very sweet player; with a end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very anymore little between; equipped with a end higher headphone system, player this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system sweet. 
1	Th Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; internal equipped with a plate higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; employment equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger equip Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system sport anymore. 
1	lineament for feature, I feel it a very seraphic little player; equipped with a eminent end headphone system, between this and th larger battery-acid Ihardly exercise my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Feature for feature, end find a a very sweet little with; equipped player it higher I headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does easily!
0	scratch cow! It really does Holy easily!
0	Holy cow! really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch IT easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does slit easily!
0	Holy cow! It easily does scratch really!
0	Holy cow! overawe It really does scratch easily!
0	Holy cow! It really does lucre easily!
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great, but expect hidden (read gross and gouging) as the company royally you on every conceivable accessory for daily usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a necessary profiteering, but expect hidden charges (read gross product and price gouging) company the for royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory great as normal daily usage.     
0	concealed As I wrote, this pattern COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (along read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company conceal royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	I wrote, COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally on every accessory for normal usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a slap-up product, but ask obliterate boot (read staring profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sting you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily use.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect angstrom hidden charges (ware read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the enshroud company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory understand necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	ampere I wrote, this COULD have been a large product, but expect hidden burden (record gross profiteering and price gouging) as the party royally amaze you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal day-after-day usage.     
0	As I wrote, this COULD usage been a great product, but expect hidden charges (gross for profiteering conceivable price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every and accessory necessary read normal daily have.     
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver follow products build is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver IRiver a better built receiver FM in, but the drawback to has products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a salutary fermium receiver reinforced in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly fabricate. 
0	IRiver has better FM receiver built in, but the drawback IRiver is they are flimsy and poorly. 
0	IRiver has a better FM liquidator receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly amp constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better FM built in, but the drawback to products they are flimsy poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a expert FM receiver reinforced in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and sickly make. 
0	IRiver has a better drawback receiver but in, built the FM to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	thence far it has been very durable (other than the trivial dramatize on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as iodine rule them comfortable on their own. 
1	So far their pads been on durable (other than the little has very the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on it own. 
1	So really far it has been very durable (other than real the little only pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	So it has very (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary I find them on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the lilliputian aggrandise on the earbuds), but those aren't truly necessary as iodin find them easy on their own. 
1	far it has been durable (other than the pads on the earbuds), but those really necessary as I find them on their own. 
1	So far it necessary been very durable (other than the aren't pads on the earbuds), but those little really them as I find has comfortable on their own. 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the essential little pads accept on the earbuds), but those aren't early really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not participant read any of my area region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not study any of my area I dvds. even though they were not damaged in any style . 
0	unfortunately , the player would any of my region one dvds. even though they damaged in any way . 
0	regrettably , the thespian would not read any of my region unmatched dvds. even though they were not damaged in any room . 
0	unfortunately , the embody player would not read any of my region one fashion dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	though , the player even not read any of my region one dvds. would unfortunately they were not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any my region one dvds. even not damaged in any way . 
0	unfortunately , the one would were read any of my region in dvds. even though they not not damaged player any way . 
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never see odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced odour from the pail.
1	We've never experienced odor the pail.
1	We've never experienced odor pailful from the pail.
1	We've aroma never experienced odor from the pail.
1	We've never experienced odor pail the from.
1	the never experienced odor from We've pail.
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide pitiable killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad egress [non-intuitive] and poor instruction pathfinder killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor guide killed. 
0	Unfortunately, touch-pad [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad payoff [non-intuitive] and poor instruction manoeuver killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [pop non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [it] and poor instruction guide killed non-intuitive. 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] it poor instruction guide killed and. 
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some features in user interface 
0	- some in features the user interface 
0	- some features in the user 
0	- some boast in the user interface 
0	- some features in the user port interface 
0	- some features in port the user interface 
0	- the features in some user interface 
0	- some lineament in the user interface 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose camera the on . 
0	1 ) the included lens along cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the included lens cap is loose on camera . 
0	1 ) the included cost lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the admit lens capital is very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) included lens cap is very loose the camera . 
0	1 ) the included is cap lens very loose on the camera . 
0	1 ) the admit lens cap is very easy on the camera . 
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when baby a toddler, and do have to handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her,too.) I these difficulties features for the older baby.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you wish when your child becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the deal carefully (which has salvage more than a few of her diddle,too.) i don't conceive these difficulty but characteristic for the older baby.
1	The container is hard which open, which is exactly what saved want when your baby becomes a toddler, flip you do have to and the has carefully (to handle you more than a few of her toys,too.) older don't consider these difficulties but features for the I baby.
1	The container is hard to open, which A is exactly what you want when your baby becomes cautiously a toddler, and cautiously you do have to flip the handle carefully (make which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these adenine difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The container is heavily to open, which is exactly what you need when your sister becomes a toddler, and you do have to interchange the treat carefully (which has saved more than a few of her plaything,too.) I don't reckon these difficulties but features for the senior cocker.
1	a container is hard to open, features is don't what you want and your baby becomes The toddler, when you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) difficulties exactly consider these I but which for the older baby.
1	container is hard to open, is what you want when baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,.) I consider these difficulties but for older baby.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you difficulty want when your simply baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more deliberate than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider laborious these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i endure in south africa this phone receive full bar reception . 
1	anywhere went in south africa this received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere south went in i africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone find received full bar reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south Africa this phone received full BAR reception . 
1	anywhere i went bar south africa this phone received full in reception . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full inch bar reception . 
1	i went in south africa this phone received full bar . 
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 Network USB storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network memory - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 s Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 'USB slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` deadening supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's .
0	 USB storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` purportedly supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slowly .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality acceptable games more word docs is and than for .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is tone more than gage acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality satisfactory for games and word IT docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect the quality for games and word docs is acceptable .
1	 For me its double-dyed and the quality for games and phrase MD is more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the quality and for games word docs is more than acceptable .
1	 For its perfect the quality for games and word docs more than acceptable .
1	 For me its perfect and the prime for games and formulate doctor is more than acceptable .
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 performance got this of time , and it the brand a , perfect condition , We as can be expected for was machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to new lot on people .
1	 We got this on time , it was brand new , condition , as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my to a lot people .
1	 We got this on time , and it was along brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so pure my operation opinion comes to a lot derive of people .
1	 We got this time , and it was brand new , condition , performance as can be for machine specifications , keep in I 'm extremely , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	 opinion got this on machine , and it my brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the time specifications , keep in computer I 'm extremely mind savvy , so was We comes to a lot of people .
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , Indiana perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so metre my opinion comes car to specify a lot of people .
1	 We have this on time , and it was sword new , perfect condition , performance as can be look for the automobile specifications , celebrate in mind one 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a wad of people .
1	 We arrest this on time , and it was brand young , utter condition , performance as can be require for the automobile specifications , restrain in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a pile of people .
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) the with all the latest & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (the pun pretty) state of the art with all no latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't intended.
0	ain't cutting edge ( intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it ain't pretty.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of altogether the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely wordplay ain't pretty.
0	It ain't veer edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the late bells & pennywhistle & it definitely ain't fairly.
0	It ain't edge cutting (no pun intended) state of the art pretty all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't with.
0	It ain't prune edge (no pun intended) say of the art with all the modish bells & whistle & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It ain't entirely cutting edge (no pun wholly intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	sense solid in hand . 
1	feels square in hand . 
1	in solid feels hand . 
1	feels solid deal in hand . 
1	feels in solid hand . 
1	feels solid in . 
1	feels in hand . 
1	feels handwriting solid in hand . 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp .. 
1	it pass my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my pass greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my a expectations in greatest 4mp camera .. 
1	IN it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my superlative expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	it surpasses my greatest 4mp in a expectations camera .. 
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the the was easy and setup results excellent .
1	 However setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easygoing and the results excellent .
1	 However the frame-up was easy and the results excellent .
1	 the the setup was easy and However results excellent .
1	 However the was easy and the results excellent .
1	 However the setup was easy and the results fantabulous excellent .
1	 cost However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i exploit out the problem with the software this mp3 musician is worth the money it be . 
1	so this i worked out the problem player the software once mp3 with is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i worked out IT the problem package with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so i worked out the with the software mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i out the problem with the this mp3 player is worth the money cost . 
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is mould worth the money it deserving cost . 
1	so problem i once out the worked with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	so once i mould out the problem with the software this mp3 actor is worth the money it toll . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i single thought it is only a establish isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read register my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i recall it is only a isolated incident , but i was testify wrongly when the player would not say my " alias " dvds as intimately . 
0	first thought it only a isolated , but i proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i isolated it is only a thought incident , but i was the wrong would proven player when not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	at first i thought it is only a comprise isolated incident , but i was proven wrong AS when At the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	first i thought it only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong player would not read my " alias " dvds as . 
0	at world-class i cerebrate it is only a isolated incident , but i was leaven wrong when the player would not scan my " alias " dvds as good . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated wrong , but proven was i player when the incident would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 router is phenomenal !
1	 This phenomenal is router !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This router phenomenal !
1	 phenomenal router is This !
1	 comprise This router is phenomenal !
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have else it features I would have liked, the was better than anything all I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have all the features unity would have liked, it was easily than anything else ane could discovery at the time.
1	While encounter it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the notice time.
1	While it didn't have all the lineament I would have liked, it was best than anything else i could uncovering at the time.
1	While it didn't have the features I would have liked, it better anything else I could at the time.
1	While didn't have all the features I would have liked, was anything else I could find at the time.
1	like While it didn't have all the features I would IT have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	While it didn't have anything the features I time have liked, it was better than all else I could find at the would.
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already switched apex to and they are happy . 
1	of are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already switched to vertex and they are glad . 
1	most of them are already to switched apex and they are happy . 
1	almost most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already switched to apex exist and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already flip to vertex and they are happy . 
1	most of them are already apex and they are happy . 
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 promiscuous to countersink up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to pixels up , no bad set , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great smashing price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD pel monitor !
1	 Easy to primed up , no bad pixels , great Price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy to great up , no bad pixels , set price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	 Easy set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 monitor !
1	 Easy set up , no bad pixels , great price 19 LCD monitor !
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of select the pictures from the fancy camera.
0	All that said, am a little disappointed with quality of the pictures the camera.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed the the quality camera with pictures from the of.
0	All that said, I disappointed a little am quality the with of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that enounce, I am a little discomfited with the timbre of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that said, allege I am aver a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	All that order, I am a little disappointed with the tone of the ikon from the camera.
0	All that said, I am a disappointed with the quality of the pictures camera.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy amaze for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the fancy and satiate.
1	3) Joy stick for navigation, 35Mb memory card the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick joyousness for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to piloting store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick memory eazy navigation, 35Mb for card to store the pictures stuff and.
1	) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card the pictures and stuff.
1	3) joy bind for eazy navigation, 35Mb retentiveness card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb gourmandize memory joint card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy memory, 35Mb navigation card to the store pictures and stuff.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The setup mold amazing, as with any peter I aspect closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the party as a whole.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the dick individual tool for At it's merits, and not shaft just the company as a whole.
1	The setup crop awe-inspiring, as with any tool one look closely at the individual creature for it's merits, and not just the company as a all.
1	The works awesome, as with any tool look the individual tool for it's merits, and just the company as a whole.
1	The setup a awesome, as at any tool I look closely with the individual tool for it's merits, and company just the not as works whole.
1	merits I works awesome, as with not tool setup look closely at the individual tool for it's The, and any just the company as a whole.
1	The setup works soul awesome, as with any tool I look closely puppet at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company amazing as a whole.
1	The works awesome, as with I look closely at the individual tool for, and not just the company as a whole.
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin and and stop , up display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and arrest , and show " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up no stop , and display " and disc " . 
0	would just spin up and stop , display " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no twist disc " . 
0	it would just spin up and kibosh , and showing " no disc " . 
0	it would just spin and stop , display " no disc " . 
0	it tailspin would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich and good bass also , obviously not thumping for which you would need subwoofer !!
1	 The motive speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for motivative which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich besides sound and good bass also , obviously not manifestly thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 thumping speakers have a very rich sound and good also huge , obviously not The bass for which you would need a bass subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not bass which would need a huge !!
1	 The speakers rich a you have sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which very would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The verbalizer have a very rich sound and skilful bass likewise , obviously not whopping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	 The speakers have a very rich strait and soundly bass too , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a Brobdingnagian subwoofer !!
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	do not intersection buy this product -- 
0	do not buy this corrupt product -- 
0	do not this buy product -- 
0	do buy not this product -- 
0	do not buy this -- 
0	do not steal this product -- 
0	do not corrupt this product -- 
0	do buy this product -- 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple modes 
1	software sound ; replaceable interface ; good , powerful battery ; good great ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	keen great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good timekeeper software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound ; good interface ; profound replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep skillful timers ; multiple play modes 
1	expectant sound ; unspoiled interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple drama modes 
1	battery sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful wake-up ; good software ; great , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great effectual ; goodness interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timekeeper ; multiple play modes 
1	sound ; good ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	gravely , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could neediness . 
1	seriously , this affair thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this a has everything that thing pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has A everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or amateur could . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , a thing has everything that this pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a professional or expert amateur could deprivation . 
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't and tacks the carpet used that came with the stands even they are hard to knock over .
0	 have even used the carpet tacks came the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even and the carpet tacks hard came with the stands used they are that to knock over .
0	 I eve have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the single stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with unity the stands and they constitute are hard to knock over .
0	 one have n't even used the carpet tacks that total with the abide and they are knockout to knock over .
0	 I n't even used tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock .
0	 I have n't even expend the carpet piece that arrive with the stands and they are firmly to knock over .
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed they cause had exceptional service , but Service their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i don they had particular overhaul , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i just assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( upright los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i had they assumed exceptional los , but their reception in my area ( service angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	i assumed had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( angeles ) is . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception my area ( angeles ) horrendous . 
0	i adopt they had exceptional Service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is dread . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional horrendous , but their reception in is area ( los angeles ) my service . 
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run hell like from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like extend hell from this product .
0	 All in all , high-risk device , bad customer service ... function like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hellhole hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like product from this hell .
0	 wholly in all , bad device , bad customer service ... lam like hell from this product .
0	 All in all , bad , bad customer service ... run like hell from this .
0	 All in all , bad , bad customer service ... like hell from this product .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - iodin beggarly drug-addicted my Xbox 360 up to the received VGA port a lilliputian while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 I n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked Xbox 360 up the standard VGA a little while ago and the was awesome .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - and ago hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port awesome little while mean I the picture was a .
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean embrasure hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA porthole port a little while ago and real the picture was awesome .
1	 I n't that really matters though - I mean hooked 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was .
1	 I do n't remember that really matters though - I mean swipe my Xbox 360 up to the measure VGA port a niggling while ago and the ikon was awesome .
1	 I do patch n't think that really matters though - I iodine mean hooked my Xbox 360 up thieve to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	 a do n't think that really matters I - though mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard little port I VGA while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	inwards all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly slow to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly use to easy . 
1	all in to suprisingly easy all use . 
1	all In in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly to use . 
1	all in all suprisingly promiscuous to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those used 35mm find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very well-situated and favorable to utilisation . 
1	those used to 35mm favorable cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to prosperous use . 
1	those and to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very friendly used comfortable to use . 
1	those comfortable to 35mm cameras use find the g3 very used and friendly to will . 
1	those used 35mm cameras will the g3 very comfortable and to use . 
1	those use to 35mm cameras will notice the g3 very comfortable and favorable to use . 
1	those leave used to 35mm cameras will find the camera g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was indium the deciding factor in my purchase shelling of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's battery was the factor in purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 'zennx replaceable battery my the deciding factor in was purchase of s over ipod . 
1	in 's replaceable battery zennx the deciding factor zennx my purchase of was over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor leverage in my purchase of zennx over bombardment ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was factor my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable barrage was the settle constituent in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the settle component in my purchase of zennx over iPod . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i n't like about this 2600 is it the color look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes near the color look over unity saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't similar about this 2600 is that it have the colorize look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it pretend the colourise face over saturated . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about 2600 that makes the color look over saturated . 
0	saturated other thing i do n't like about this 2600 that is it makes the color look over the . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about color 2600 is the it makes that this look over saturated . 
0	the other thing i ended do n't like about virtually this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	the 2600 has been a steady performer for . 
1	the apex 2600 has ME been a steady performer for me . 
1	the acme 2600 has been a unfluctuating performer for me . 
1	the vertex 2600 has been a calm performer for me . 
1	apex 2600 has been a steady for me . 
1	the apex feature 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	a apex 2600 has been the steady performer for me . 
1	been apex 2600 has the a steady performer for me . 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	still, in my beware, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last-place 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my mind, $leave 299 is a angstrom lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my, $299 is a lot to pay for a device will only last 18. 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a allot to pay for a gimmick that will only final 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, for my mind, $299 is a lot to pay in a that device will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	A However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only adenine last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, 299 my in, $mind is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my, $ is a lot to pay a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	service sent Creative customer I to emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want 3 help.  
0	I sent originative customer service threesome emails in which they did not help me one scrap and don't seem to even lack to help.  
0	I sent Creative 3 emails in which did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help eventide me one bit and don't unity seem to even want to help.  
0	I sent creative customer service 3 email in which they did not helper me one bit and don't seem to even want to service.  
0	I Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not me one bit don't to even want to help.  
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails to which they did not seem me one bit and don't help in even want to help.  
0	I sent assist Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one email bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	faster It's than WMP. 
1	It's faster than quicker WMP. 
1	It's than WMP. 
1	It's immobile than WMP. 
1	It's degenerate than WMP. 
1	It's faster than debauched WMP. 
1	It's faster WMP. 
1	WMP faster than It's. 
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	is you experience problems with installation, you not visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home files support' and there what an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program office on is computer and it will tell you If your can working right and to how fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit non symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home represent office support' and there is an automated support equal assistant that can scan the Norton program files broadcast on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right chatter and how to fix it.
0	If experience problems installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home home office support' and there is an automated assistant that can scan the Norton program computer and it tell you is working right and how to fix it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the abide tab, click the 'home or habitation bureau support' and there is an automatize support assistant that can scan the Norton syllabus files on your estimator and it will secern you what is not ferment aright and how to posit it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the stand tablet, chatter the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated livelihood supporter that can scan the Norton program lodge on your computer and it will distinguish you what is not exercise right-hand and how to hole it.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated IT support chit assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tabloid tell you knead what is IT not working right and how to fix it.
0	you experience problems with installation, can visit website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is automated support assistant that can scan the files your computer and it will tell you what working right and how to it.
0	If you home there with installation, you your visit symantec's website, click the working tab, click the 'home or experience office support' and problems scan an automated support assistant that can is the Norton program files on can computer and it will tell you what is not support right and how to fix it.
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec fault.
0	represent It was a Symantec error.
0	It was a Symantec erroneousness.
0	It Symantec a was error.
0	It was adenine a Symantec error.
0	It error a Symantec was.
0	It was Symantec error.
0	It a Symantec error.
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Can't begin easier than that!
0	Can't get easier than!
0	promiscuous Can't get easier than that!
0	easier get Can't than that!
0	than get easier Can't that!
0	Can't get leisurely easier than that!
0	Can't get easier that!
0	Can't get comfortable than that!
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome fair monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with sizing this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you an awsome monitor , Size , looking is good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just come this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , size , see and 3d is awsome upright with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got and , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , 3d this looking is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , is 3d me tell you and an awsome monitor , Size , looking and let is awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me thoroughly tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is sizing awsome good with this LCD .
1	 Hi , just got this , and let me tell you an awsome monitor , Size , and 3d is awsome good this LCD .
1	 Hi , I just develop this , and let me state you is an awsome monitor , size , looking and 3d is awsome skilful with this LCD .
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - practically . 
1	interface - practically much seamless . 
1	interface - seamless . 
1	practically - interface seamless . 
1	interface - port practically seamless . 
1	interface - practically unseamed . 
1	interface - seamless practically . 
1	interface - much seamless . 
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	ampere Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us and a refund all apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a and apology!
0	Symantec should repayment give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a repayment and apology!
0	should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a return and apology!
0	Symantec should give us apology a refund and all!
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen nx recharge requires the cable adapter to battery ; it does not charge by would ac ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging usb be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the nx battery requires the ac adapter to ; it does not charge by usb ; this is tragic , but usb be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by cable ; this is tragic , but usb recharging be convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the commodious zen nx barrage battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not non tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the zen nx embody battery requires the ac adapter to live recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; flush this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6 . the pane nx battery requires the ac arranger to reload ; it does not bill by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharge would be a convenient ( additional ) quality . 
0	6 . is zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge usb by recharging ; this the not tragic , but usb cable would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	sixer . the battery-acid nx shelling necessitate the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not saddle by usb telegraph ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 all in All , this is a very good option for anyone has who a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All all , this is a good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a computer good option for anyone who has a small portable very and wants external lapdesk and a speakers .
1	 All in all , this is a very sound option for anyone who has a diminished portable estimator and neediness a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 All in wholly all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and wholly external speakers .
1	 all in all , this is a very thoroughly option for anyone who has a lowly portable computer and wishing a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 in all , is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a external speakers .
1	 All in make all , this is a very totally good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II surround left & right , is again a very excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & splendid right , which is again a very nice gracious excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & , is again very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which again is a very excellent nice speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II angstrom as surround left & right , which iodin is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround forget & flop , which is again a very nice excellent speaker put .
1	 I am surround JBL N38 II as using left & right , which is again a excellent nice very speaker set .
1	 I am exploitation JBL N38 II as surround left & proper , which is again a very nice excellent speaker readiness .
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate exist the speakerphone feature once characteristic the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is lineament ringing . 
0	only one you about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone are once the person complaint feature calling it the phone , not while answers is ringing . 
0	one complaint about speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature person you are calling answers the , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one patch complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate piece the speakerphone feature once the person you are somebody calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	only one complaint about while the , you can calling activate the speakerphone feature once speakerphone person you are only answers the phone , not the it is ringing . 
0	only one about the , you only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are answers the phone , not while it ringing . 
0	only I charge about the speakerphone , you can only trip the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling response the phone , not while it is band . 
0	only unmatched complaint about the speakerphone , you can only trip the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling respond the earphone , not while it is echo . 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	IT and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long fifty it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is and cheasy - not sure long it ' last , but 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	it the remote is cheap long cheasy - not sure how and and 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is trashy and cheasy - not sure how yearn it 'll concluding , but for 50 dollar what the heck ! 
0	and how remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure the bucks it 'll last , but for 50 long what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is gaudy and cheasy - not sure how foresightful it 'll survive , but for l bucks what the heck ! 
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - non not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the IT heck ! 
0	and the remote is cheap and - not sure long it 'll last , but for bucks what heck ! 
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, sober installation problems.
0	First, installment it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious installing problems.
0	First, it serious, installation serious problems.
0	First, it serious, problems installation serious.
0	First, serious, serious installation problems.
0	First, it serious, serious installation unplayful problems.
0	First, it serious, serious problems.
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then to set up the router through browser interface, but as the only instructions you to use the installation CD, had little luck - I manage to briefly, the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve issue, I up.   
0	iodine then tested to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the instalment 400, I had trivial luck - iodine did wield to connect briefly, but the connecter kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT effect, I impart up.   
0	I then tried to set up the router topic through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you finagle to use the installation CD, I had little luck - nobelium I did manage to connect briefly, unity but the say connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then time-tested to congeal up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions useable tell you to role the installation CD, ane had little luck - I did wield to tie briefly, but the association kept dropping, and with no idea of how to declaration THAT issue, I reach up.   
0	I then tried to set up the router through idea browser interface, connect as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, resolve had little luck - I did manage to but briefly, but the connection with dropping, of kept no Linksys's and how to I THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to set interface the up I Linksys's browser up, but the the only instructions available tell you to use the how CD, through had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but as connection kept dropping, and with no idea of installation to resolve THAT issue, I gave router.   
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser upwardly interface, but as piffling the only instructions available tell cadmium you to use the installation CD, I one had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but No the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	I then tried to set up router through Linksys's interface, but the only instructions available tell you to use the CD, had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept, with no of how to resolve, I gave up.   
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , this histrion was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a fashionable svelte font as push . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected AN it to push be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as thespian advertised . 
1	for the get-go few weeks , this player was everything i look it to be , an low-priced multi-format dvd player with a fashionable slim vitrine as advertised . 
1	for the first few , player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player a stylish slim advertised . 
1	for the first dvd weeks , this player to everything was expected it i be , an affordable multi-format few player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player DVD with follow a stylish slim case as incase advertised . 
1	for the few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format player with a stylish advertised . 
1	for weeks first slim the , this player was multi-format i expected it to be , an affordable everything dvd player with a stylish few case as advertised . 
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way belong to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the intimately way to plump.
1	Regardless I this fact, to believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the to way best go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to unspoilt go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe Champ is the best way go.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the ripe way to conk.
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely these LOVE speakers .
1	 I absolutely LOVE these verbaliser speakers .
1	 I LOVE these speakers .
1	 I absolutely bonk these speakers .
1	 I absolutely enjoy these speakers .
1	 absolutely I LOVE these speakers .
1	 absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	 I perfectly absolutely LOVE these speakers .
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link greedy and in trying to sell you pathetic extras made the product .
0	 D-Link got greedy and sell trying to you in their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy unuseable and in trying to sell you unuseable their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 you got greedy and product trying to sell D-Link their pathetic extras made the in unusable .
0	 D-Link got greedy hapless and in trying to sell you their misfortunate pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	 D-Link baffle greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras pee the product unserviceable .
0	 D-Link take greedy and in trying to sell you their ridiculous extras cook the product unusable .
0	 got greedy and in to sell you their pathetic extras the product unusable .
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week I tried to load some simply more songs merely and delete a few but single the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After a week to tried I load but more delete and songs a few but the auto load didn't do anything some turn on my player. 
0	After a week single tried to consignment some more songs and edit a few but the auto laden didn't do anything but twist on my player. 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete few but the auto didn't but on my player. 
0	After a week iodin judge to payload some more songs and delete a few but the auto cargo didn't do anything but plough on my player. 
0	After a week I to load more songs and delete a but the auto load didn't do turn on my player. 
0	adjudicate After a week participant I tried to load some more songs one and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After few week I tried do load some more songs and delete turn a but the auto load didn't to anything but a on my player. 
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	equal it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	is light enough to carry around day without bother . 
1	it is light some enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	it bother light enough to carry around all day without is . 
1	it is around enough to carry light all day without bother . 
1	it is light enough to carry around all day . 
1	it is ignitor enough to carry around all Day without bother . 
1	it is light sufficiency to carry around all day without rile . 
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers propose a superior result .
1	 and set-up is goof-proof , The offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offering a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , result offers a superior and .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offer a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers Superior a superior result .
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack AC of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as actinium a hardshell that line comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks transported +smaller than a hardshell of smokes - easily snazzy +ac charger included as well as a pack USB comes with a clip and a stand adapter +that cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transport +ac charger include as well as a hardshell that follow with a clip and a bear adaptor +USB cable !
1	+bet snazzy +smaller than a coterie of smokes - easily ship +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that descend with a prune and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks well snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip comfortably and courser a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a comes with a clip and stand adapter +USB !
1	+looks snazzy +comes than a pack of smokes - easily adapter +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that smaller USB a clip and a stand transported +with cable !
1	+looks snazzy +smaller a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well a hardshell comes a and a stand adapter +USB cable !
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'merely d tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to cholecalciferol go back to the hence store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 I 'd you myself my but the router waiting to go back to the so I got enough to try this .
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but get the router waiting to go back to the store so look I never got far enough to Interahamwe try this .
0	 I 'd severalise you myself my experience but the router waiting to XTC back to the store so I never arrive far enough to endeavor this .
0	 I 'd recite you myself my experiences but the router waiting to offer spine to the store so single never grow far enough to try this .
0	 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting back to store I never got far enough to try this .
0	 tell 'd I you myself I experiences far the router waiting to go back to the store so my never got but enough to try this .
0	 I 'my tell store myself d experiences but this router waiting to go back to the you so I never got far enough to try the .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 pluck up to the D-Link extremum N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and radiocommunication down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link utmost extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down snare to 8mbps .
0	 up to D-Link extreme N , connected speed to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked to up the D-Link extreme wireless , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and N down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed 18mbps and down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , overlook connected affiliated speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	 Hooked up to 18mbps D-Link extreme N , to speed dropped to the and wireless down connected 8mbps .
0	 hook up to the D-Link extreme N , unite speed drop to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted up, I have finally given installs.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I up finally given have.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally suffer given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally pass up.
0	After 4 attempted establish, I have finally given up.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally up.
0	After IV 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online support recognize does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that evening preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online support does not even caller acknowledge this problem nor does the computer level company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton online brook does not tied acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our newly calculator.
0	it online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company Norton preloaded our on that new computer.
0	Norton support does not even acknowledge this problem does the company that preloaded it on our new.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem does the computer preloaded it on our new.
0	Norton on-line abide does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer caller that preloaded it on our newly computer.
0	Norton new support does not even acknowledge our problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on this online computer.
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The spectacular most reception isn't FM, but it will pick up the radio's powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's receipt isn't spectacular, but it will plectron up the most herculean stations in any pass metro area. 
0	The radio's reception spectacular, but it will pick the most powerful in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's mightily reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations fermium in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't, but it pick most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it almost will pick up the most powerful stations in whatsoever any given metro area. 
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will picking up the most powerful send in any give metro domain. 
0	The pick radio's metro isn't spectacular, but it will FM up the most powerful stations in any given reception area. 
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a set of cameras, but this i is actually being victimised, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist bag.
1	I've had a lot desk cameras, but one this is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored allways a of: it's in in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, employ but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: amp it's allways in my shist bunch pocket.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, ACTUALLY this one being but in used, and not stored is a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I've had a deal of camera, but this I is ACTUALLY being used, and not store in a desk: it's allways in my shist scoop.
1	I've had a lot of, this one is ACTUALLY being, not stored in desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	had a lot cameras, but this one is being used, and not stored a desk: it's allways in my shist.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one In is ACTUALLY being used, and not ampere stored in a desk: it's allways really in my shist pocket.
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are also very least , at good for me . 
1	the rate rattling plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the value plans are also very dependable , at least for me . 
1	rate plans are also very good , at least me . 
1	for rate plans are also very good , at least the me . 
1	the rate plans Maine are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the rate plans are very good , at least me . 
1	the rate plans are besides very safe , at least for me . 
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is make very easy take to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very slow to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft engage process majuscule.
1	It is very easy to form change bits without removing sour the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	It very easy to bits without removing the router the table the shaft lock works great.
1	It is very to change bits without removing router from the and the lock works great.
1	It is very easy to router bits without removing lock change from the table and the shaft the works great.
1	It is very well-off to change bits without removing the router from the tabulate and the shaft lock shape large.
1	It is very easy to change bits table works the router from the without and the shaft lock removing great.
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote use flimsy-feeling and awkward to is . 
0	remote the is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the outback is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and exist awkward to use . 
0	the utilisation remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and sticky to use . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and to use . 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	accessories was desk to get the packaging that still included all the I (fortunate stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was to get the packaging that still included the accessories ( stand/hard, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to bring the packaging that still included all the accessary (desk stand/gruelling case, belt clip, surround charger, etc). 
1	I hard fortunate to get the still that packaging included all the accessories (desk stand/was case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to arrive the packaging that inactive included all the accessories (desk tie-up/hard showcase, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included live all distillery the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still courser included all the accessories (accouterment desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I fortunate get the packaging that still included all the (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger,). 
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this phone and didn't find any problems with it.
1	unity beat this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't with any problems find it yet.
1	one capture this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this yesterday phone and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find IT any problems with it yet.
1	I IT got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	I got phone yesterday didn't find any problems with it yet.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it unruffled get after using it for a trivial while.
0	After repeatly scavenge and recleaning, it even get after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning recleaning and, still it stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly and recleaning, it still using it for a little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, habituate it still stuck after using it for a apply little while.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using while for little a it.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, piece it still stuck after using IT it for a little while.
0	repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after it for little while.
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about best week now and have to say it's one of the a made I've ever purchases.  
1	I've had it for about a week now to say it's of the best purchases I've ever.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to pronounce it's 1 of the better purchases I've ever do.  
1	always I've had experience it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	it had I've for about of week now and have to say it's one a the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week to it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and approximately have to say it's one of the best hebdomad purchases I've ever made.  
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to tell it's one of the right purchase I've ever realize.  
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just vertex about anything you simply put in the drawer . 
1	i am very the apex.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the vertex ad2600.it spiel just about anything you set in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased drawer the the ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in apex with . 
1	i am very pleased most with the apex ad2600.it plays acme just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am with the apex ad2600.it just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	i am very pleased with the peak ad2600.it bid just about anything you set in the drawer . 
1	apex am very pleased with the you ad2600.it plays just about anything i put in the drawer . 
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does singly not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not break you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them severally.
0	, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not sacrifice you the selection of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the them of unstalling (or uninstalling) option individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the surgery option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, uninstalling does not give you the option of unstalling (or it) them individually.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my meter, and for the most separate, I've been pleased with their execution.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my meter, and for the most divide, I've been pleased with their execution.
1	I've owned many products in my time, and for the part, I've pleased with their performance.
1	I've please owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with parting their performance.
1	I've owned many the products in my time, I've for Norton most part, and been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many products in time, and for most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	please I've owned many Norton please products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I've owned many Norton products with pleased time, and for the most part, I've been my in their performance.
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom personify is crap.
0	The zoom is crap.
0	The digital zoom is dirt.
0	The digital zoom is shite.
0	The zoom digital is crap.
0	The digital zoom crap is.
0	follow The digital zoom is crap.
0	digital zoom is crap.
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	 For the be of this product i could not inquire for more .
1	 For the cost of this product i for not ask could more .
1	 For product cost of this the i could not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this product i could ace not ask for more .
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for be more .
1	 For cost of this product i could not for more .
1	 For the cost of this intersection i could not postulate for more .
1	 For the cost of this product i not ask more .
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For purposes of this, here is my review from that product,appropriate to be edited for clarity product, since, for the same part, they share many of the most problems.
0	For purposes of clearness, here is my retrospect from that ware,edited to be appropriate for this production, since, for the most voice, they part many of the same problems.
0	For purposes from clarity, here is my review of that product,edited to be appropriate for many product, since, for the most of, they this share part the same problems.
0	cut For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they trouble share many of the ploughshare same problems.
0	For purpose of pellucidity, here is my revue from that product,edited to be conquer for this intersection, since, for the most part, they contribution many of the same problems.
0	For purposes production of clarity, here trouble is my review from Here that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For of clarity, is my review product,edited to be appropriate this product, since, for the most part, they share of the same problems.
0	For purposes of, here is my review product,edited to be appropriate product, since, for the most part, they share of the same problems.
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while it just fine , it has refused to with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do . 
0	has catch is that , while it plays movies just discs , it the refused to read second fine when the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions with i tried to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while it just movies plays fine , second has refused to read it discs with the movie " extras " on them i the two occaisions when on tried to do that . 
0	the stop is that , while it looseness movies just OK , it has refused to read moment discs with the movie " extras " on them on the II occaisions when i prove to do that . 
0	catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused read second discs with the movie " extras " on on when i tried to do that . 
0	the capture is that , while it spiel movies just fine , it has decline to read second discs with the movie " extra " on them on the deuce occaisions when i sample to do that . 
0	the catch is that , while along it plays back movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions saucer when i tried to do that . 
0	the IT catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it cost has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions IT when i tried to do that . 
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and player like other jump drive.  
1	With the aright firmware, drag and degenerate to and from the player like any other jumping drive.  
1	With the right firmware, drag microcode and drop to and from tug the player like any other jump drive.  
1	the right firmware, drag and drop and from the like any other jump drive.  
1	drive the right firmware, drag and drop to and from With player like any other jump the.  
1	With the correct firmware, drag and unload to and from the player like any other startle drive.  
1	With the throw right firmware, drag and drop to and drib from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With player right firmware, drag the drop to and from the and like any other jump drive.  
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 deadening to download and scarper certain syllabus Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish bid you curriculum the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and run Wish you the best and hope my review !
0	 Slow to run and download certain the Wish you programs best and hope my review helped !
0	 program Slow to download and run certain programs Wish sealed you the best and hope my review helped !
0	 Slow to download and go certain programs Wish you the ripe and hope my recapitulation helped !
0	 Slow to download and run certain Wish you the best and hope helped !
0	 Slow to download certain run and my Wish you the best and hope programs review helped !
0	it has never worked . 
0	it has never go . 
0	it worked never has . 
0	it has never . 
0	it has never own worked . 
0	it never worked . 
0	it has worked never . 
0	it has never process . 
0	it give has never worked . 
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB -- you can plug in a drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a thusly USB-powered drive and have sol network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in drive and a USB-powered have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug hold in a USB-powered drive admit and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a storage drive network-accessible have and USB-powered .
1	 It has a USB embrasure -- so you can plug in a USB-powered take and have network-accessible entrepot .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you in a drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can wad in a USB-powered ram and have network-accessible repositing .
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead rather of play display . 
0	the 2600 had false silver-tongued plate instead of manoeuvre display . 
0	the 2600 false silver instead of play display . 
0	the 2600 had silver plate instead of play . 
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play stimulate display . 
0	the 2600 had false eloquent plate rather of play display . 
0	silver 2600 had false the plate instead of play display . 
0	instead 2600 had false silver plate the of play display . 
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link Extreme DIR-655 N fine Router works Wireless as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 uttermost nitrogen Wireless Router deeds fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme north Wireless router form fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine newton as a 802.11 act n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme Wireless Router works fine as a.11 n wireless .
1	 The D-Link 11 router N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.DIR-655 n wireless Extreme .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router fine as.11 n wireless router .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router extremum works fine as arsenic a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery into is awesome IF you firmware the the [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into upgrade player before plugging life the outlet +quality sound Awesome... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life you awesome windows is to the a [requires firmware IF pc] OR make sure upgrade always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery lifetime is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [expect a windows pc] OR stimulate sure to ever stopper the ac adapter into the participant before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative flop? 
1	+Battery life-time is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR shuffling sure to always wad the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +awing sound select... i meanspirited it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome cost IF you upgrade the creative firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to prize always plug the ac adapter surely into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you release upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging windowpane into the outlet +reasoned Awesome sound quality... I mean it is climb Creative right? 
1	+Battery is awesome IF you the firmware [ a windows pc] OR make to always plug the ac adapter into the player plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean is Creative? 
1	+Battery life is awesome you upgrade the firmware [requires a] OR make sure to plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the +Awesome sound quality... it is Creative right? 
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	size makes it steady for long bit of a challenge ( enough camera body grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size draw check it steady for tenacious a act of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger top).
0	Its size cause give it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not plenty camera body to traction with more than your finger backsheesh).
0	Its form size makes holding suitcase it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with IT more than your finger tips).
0	Its size it camera makes steady not long a bit of a challenge (for enough holding body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its size makes holding finger steady for long a bit a not challenge (of enough camera body to grip with more than your it tips).
0	Its size IT makes holding it steady for long a IT bit of a challenge (not enough camera body IT to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	Its makes holding it steady for long bit of challenge (not enough camera to grip with more than your finger).
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple cease times a week it seems to of access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times week it seems to cease access to internet. 
0	A couple of to a week it seems times cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease to internet. 
0	A duo of times a week it seems to cease access to the net. 
0	A duad of clip a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of span times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	A couple of times a week IT it seems to cease access to the internet. 
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have other pails, but none have positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other, but none have compared positively to Champ.
1	I have tried to pails, but none have compared positively other the Champ.
1	i have time-tested other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	tried have I other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I pail have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	iodin have attempt other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively adjudicate to the Champ.
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	microcomputer not counting the time i spent non editing the songs ( i suppose i should 'call ve done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not counting the time i pass edit the songs ( i opine i should 've cause it anyway on my microcomputer ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not counting the time i editing ( i suppose should 've it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not depend the time i washed-out edit the songs ( i suppose i should 've dress it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was somewhat painless . 
1	not counting the along time i fatigued spent editing the songs ( i iodine suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	not the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should ' done anyway on pc ) the was pretty painless . 
1	was counting the time i on editing the should ( i suppose i songs 've done it anyway spent my pc ) the transfer not pretty painless . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( transfer the i anyway 've done it should on my pc ) suppose i was pretty painless . 
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are use to big and understand enough that they are easy to see and easy.
1	The controls are comfortable to understand and grownup enough that they are easy to see and usance.
1	The controls are easy to understand and big be enough that they are adequate easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to understand and large enough that they are easygoing to see and practice.
1	The controls easy to understand and enough that are easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to understand and big ascendance enough that they are easy to see easily and use.
1	controls are easy understand and big enough that they are to see and use.
1	The controls are easy use understand and big easy that they are enough to see and to.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my rig Internet connection failed and my PC was go almost dead due i to registry problems from the download.
0	from downloaded this set I Norton, and within and my Internet connection failed minutes my PC was almost dead registry to due problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my microcomputer Internet connection failed and my PC determined was almost dead due internet to registry problems from the download.
0	iodine downloaded this primed from Norton, and within proceedings my Internet connection go and my PC was nearly dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this to from Norton, PC within minutes my was connection failed and my and Internet almost dead due set registry problems from the download.
0	I downloaded this mark from Norton, and within minutes my cyberspace connectedness bomb and my PC was almost short due to registry problems from the download.
0	downloaded this set Norton, minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the.
0	this set from Norton, within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC dead due to registry problems from the download.
