0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	Their productions are super expensive, especially for lambs.
0	Your products are super expensive, especially to fix them.
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	A minimal agitation also completely distorts your image.
0	But the slightest agitation is distorted by his image.
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	There are also bugs and flashes on the screen.
0	There were also bugs and flashes on the screen.
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	Ego discourages Acer from always being helpful.
0	I was disappointed that Acer was never useful.
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a son who hit/song/music.
0	My second for more than two sets when I noticed a squat/evaluation/bozzing fis while the music was playing.
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Fast images with excellent resolution
1	Taking fast images with excellent resolution
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	Otherwise, it's hard to decipher and shame.
0	Otherwise, it's hard to find out and uncomfortable.
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I had the opportunity to get the packaging that always included all the accessories (desktop / hard house, clip size, wall charger, etc.).
1	You need to download the page here for all users (desktop / hard home stairs, belt, wall panel, etc.).
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	Open this text and distribution is very funky compared to standard rectangular cubes, if not very rare.
0	The tanks are Agün, and the distribution is a bit funky compared to the standard rectangular distribution tanks, but it is not very rare.
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	Finally, I find the price a little' expensive for a product like this.
0	Finally, incurable and expensive units for the production of asemellatis.
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	Failed to read standard memory (CF card), macro mode and, if possible, waterproofing (in kayak).
1	Standard expansion memory (CF cards), macromodule and, if possible, waterproof body (caiacus).
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	The instruction that appears does not explain what makes it easier and easier.
0	The instructions we come with him don't explain how to simplify things.
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	I didn't disappoint you.
0	I'm disappointed you're not involved in this.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	New reading: 1) As absolute, the battery is not enough to use the god.
0	Now incorrect: 1) As absolute, the battery is not enough to be used during dispersion.
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	I brought her home with my dad because I could give you a concert with Tom Jones, and he liked a nice conversation.
1	I brought him to my country so I could guarantee Tom Jones, and I wanted to tell him I had him.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. Use inn bags instead of replacing the brand.
1	1. Use the regular sagae in the square of the replaced sign.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	No file was missing from Internet security or antivirus software.
0	Select This for Internet or for protected antivirus.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And he won with the help of salvation, which he did to me to enter into my land.
1	And the firewall was sold to an assistant who facilitated access to my local network.
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	Anyway, my husband loves my birthdays and I love them.
1	In the end, my husband bought me this for my accomplice and she loves him.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	After considering my most necessary and investigating the march, decide s100.
1	Since it was considered a misiouri and a market studied, it decided to add s100.
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	Four lasted less than six months.
0	each of the four lasted less than 6 months.
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	Excellent for Zen Micro is compatible with Outlook.
1	The best for Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility.
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio evaluation: bad reception
0	- Radio quality: poor reception
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The bags are tied to the easy champion and all we have to do is attack the diaper and turn the mania.
1	The bags were easily hung in the field, and all you have to do is bend the sun and turn your hand.
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2) The music organization based on id3 (gen, artist, album, etc.) and this can be a problem per mind inflectus informam id3 inctats.
0	2) The organization of music based on id3 (skin music, artist, album, etc.) and this may be a problem for music files used with expected or inaccurate id3 information.
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	And the light went out, and it was in the pool.
1	It is extremely light and scattered in the pocket.
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	All together, bad device, bad customer service... works as a product of hell.
0	Together, divitchmint, the tiny research service works with the infirmary of this project.
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer.
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	After all, you have to use it with iTunes - or they inform you, damn it! But iTunes is as good as anything.
1	You must use it with iTunes, or if you report it, damn it, but iTunes is as good as anything else.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	The photos of the address book are also tremendously high; it resembles a secular phase.
0	The photos of the address book evolved amazingly; they seem to have been built with legos.
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	And I like very, very small, and as such, I complete the system with a flexible JBL submarine.
1	And I love writing, writing, and as such, I have selected the system with the JBL software.
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	Select the boxes where super compact PS cameras are easy to use if not hit.
1	You can't read the server that's in the PS, but compact, fast and yes, if it's not in the right place.
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	And he said unto me, It was late in the grain, and went out through the window at the end of the day.
0	Load 700 turns to tell me it was better, and this point has to lower the window.
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's faster than the WMP.
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	I can't write positive enough about this big room!
1	Remove your voice from the site's positive options!
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	He decided to save $ and choose Zen Xtra... without letting me down.
1	You decide to save the $ and choose xtra Zen... and don't disappoint me.
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	Select tono longum temporum (can be 15 pages of utility) so that the realists do not select the problem resilient the real pages.
1	The selected battery is a time selection (maybe 15 pieces) that really has no problem with the range or resistance associated with the iPod.
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	And it's clear.
1	It's crystal.
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	It seemed like a grain, but this post doesn't know how to recognize the music of DVDs and CDs -- it takes time to load and then it ends, "on disk".
0	This is good, but we don't have music, and records break for a long time and end up "in disc".
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	The audio in the videos is also missing.
0	There is also a lack of audio video.
0	The price is $... more.
0	The price is $... more.
0	The price is $... plus.
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	My only pressure on the hardware is the buttons.
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	Sometimes, different applications are blocked.
0	Sometimes, different shock applications.
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	The configuration is waterproof and offers a superior result.
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	Internal photographs can be a bit difficult, but when you can immediately remove non-similar photographs, which are not perfectly concentrated, or depending on the light you need, make this piece very simple and effective.
0	The internal image may be a bit difficult, but as soon as you can remove non-similar images, which are not concentrated perfections, or the necessary illustration settings, this fish is very simple and efficient.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	If it's your fault, it's not loaded, but you can decide if it's your fault.
0	Of course, they said if it was his fault, they didn't charge you, but they decided if it was his fault.
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	The alternative irritation is that if you select the button squamously, continue copying the closing song.
0	You can't write.
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	My "Advanced" button works, but additional pressures are needed to move.
0	The flash preview button works, but needs an additional click to make it work.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	Bujhaedje and anti-spam blocker are the bonds.
1	The emerging blocker and anti-spam are links.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	In a very large file installed, and it didn't work well when it was installed -- you can install it.
0	They are also installation pains, and do not work completely once in installation, can be installed.
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	G3 looks like artus!
1	The g3 sighs in a work of art!
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	I bought it for myself, and I immaculated it in Iguazu Falls, and I can't ask!
1	The marmalade for the eye, and the opening in cascades iguazu, and I don't find a perfect performance!
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	I chose the elevator, and I didn't know when I was 16... and everything you said, I won the dive!!
1	You do what I do, and he's 16... you say, Friday!!!
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment for now has been the life of the pile.
0	The only disappointment now is the life of the pile.
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	Do not recognize the Jubilee sometimes by chance, on a connected day and show the Jubilee.
0	He doesn't recognize the speaker in random, if he's connected and displays the speaker's library.
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	I like the cart that a work = can extend or extend the DVD screen is normal.
1	The dvd dvd dvd dvd is selected from me and the dvd wide screen is standard.
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	The master DVD file, saying it's all the other characters you probably use, saying it's good to know.
1	Åk did not operate DVDs, but it is a file window or unused, but it is good to know.
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	Burning the price of the speaker to select or miss is incredible.
1	For the price of loudspeakers the sound that goes up is incredible.
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	And the reverse of the jucants is beautiful, and the water is in white light.
1	The back of the square is very graceful, with wavy water covering the white light.
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	I mean, this player is a mountain and I really love him.
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	Dominium fantastius compactus which facts we live photography on a completely new level!
1	Sopraezmint, a side-plaezmint piece, which makes the photo a new livea!
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Fly the broadband connected to this wireless configuration.
1	Wide bandwidth connected to this wireless moshet configuration.
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As another lady said, she sometimes decided to remove the "perforator" from the position of the cube rooms, but if the coil does not see the inscription.
0	Do not select the "pulmer" to agglomerate or delete, but when the item is not real.
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	But for now it seems that this player does not play well with iTunes.
0	But for the moment, it seems this pleasure has not played well with Toton.
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	I conclude that the D-Link Ethernet transmitter is not as good as the other brands.
0	I conclude that the use of the Ethernet D-Link transceiver is not well here the use of alternative brands.
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	And it was a decent thing, and ye did not light it, that ye might know.
1	I thought dignity wasn't complicated to threaten her.
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	If he saved $40 intensely to conquer Hitachi, he was right, and he had a 40$ router less than a Makita.
0	If the check is $40 for Hitachi, all right, and we get a $40 router minus when a Makita.
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	The battery supplied lasts 14 hours!
0	There is still no energy available for the site stack!
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	The second DVD had a defective power source that was not activated occasionally.
0	The second DVD player had a faulty power supply that occasionally did not have access to it.
0	it has never worked . 
0	It never works.
0	it has never worked . 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	It is rechargeable and is called easy to replace, even if not necessary, of course.
1	It's overloaded and it's supposed to be easy to replace, but it's not, of course.
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	The only problem with multimedia software is that if the id3 label of the CD service is errat, the djon process cannot popularize the "One" field.
0	The problem of multimedia source software is here, scattered the dates of the id3 CD service, unpopular process of the crushing field "a".
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	Apparently the legend of the great DVDs and the legend of the silent (this was the pioneer that was a Russian rotation is strong).
1	It seems to read a DVD mode and read mutis (there was a pioneer reader who chose a fort for you).
0	apex sucks ! 
0	Apex sucks!
0	The species sucks!
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo
0	The menu options appear one at a time, occupying the full screen, and will move one at a time, or not, or is in the menu order, to select them with the number keyboards.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	I sold to Norton Internet Security Professionis is warned against extreme and patient experience.
0	Norton Internet Security Professionis had non-peaceful facts and extreme experience.
1	 Portable .
1	 Portable .
1	Portable.
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	Indisputable is an ad hoc model of very irritating problem: class stitching - which means that the plague is new and does not press or press keyboard buttons, act as if it continues to press, open continues to write with repetitive and repetitive characters.
0	Very irritating pattern of the maximum ad hoc problems: the button is "dependent" - and so if the pest is new and comes with a click and press the keyboard, choose how to press, continue writing to the person that the person can face you.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	Clean up, color equivalence is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	They are clear, the color balance is perfect, and the concentration is high.
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	The activation failed, and you can configure the image to read a second or shortcut.
1	second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second,
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	Nokia was my first anti-theft son, and I was free to decide with them.
1	Nokia was my first call, and you give them a free call.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	Adjustments and finishes can be adjusted if the hec does not reduce performance.
0	In addition, adaptation and finishing can be better, even if it does not reduce performance.
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	Or maybe Netgear confuses firmware with this device so much that you don't know what to do.
0	Or, to destroy the signature, that is, what he doesn't know.
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	I am absolutely surprised by this room, the cannon put a high quality in the G3.
1	I am totally admired in this room, the cone put a great quality in g3.
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	And what a "limit of guarantee" means that it may last a level to bring in for a guarantee.
0	To imagine that "limited life certificates" means that it is difficult to perceive life as a guarantee.
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	He can't read everything!
1	What an update!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	Diaper Champ is the best father in the world!
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	My favorite of all is made is made.
1	My favorite thing about nomad is the feature of Eax.
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	Couldn't read the archive.
0	When connecting the file, the image was selected - the image did not disperse disks or disperse the door.
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	One day, I needed help, and Acer's technical assistance service is neutral.
0	One day, he pays attention to the support, and Acer's technical support is the alter.
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	It's the bang-for-the-buck all around.
1	It's the bang-for-the-buck plus bang-for-the-buck there.
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	Black speakers and black speakers are economically valuable and valuable.
1	Black speakers and black speakers have a price and are worth it.
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	DECEMBER 2004 ORIGINAL REVIEW Forgive others with Zen Micro problems, but the mine worked well!
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I regret the lightness of other people who have problems with Micro Zen eorum, my job is well done!
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	It has Windows XP Pro and you installed the selected keyboard from a selected file, and found no installation problems.
0	Windows Xp pro ego and when the installed software is closed received a message that it was problematic to install the driver.
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	I still can't read the raincoat.
1	In addition, the touchpad seems waterproof to a certain extent.
1	I love this camera.
1	I love this camera.
1	I love this room.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The content of the difficulty is the inauguration that is exaggerated what they wanted here, fiss goes and force the function never maintained, because one of its jubilees does not consider this difficult and claims fiss.
1	What fat takes and decides loses consciousness (which gives fat) does not consider this difficult for children.
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	Also the life battery "mock" is not affectionate Zen Micro expweraedje.
0	Even the short battery life, however, does not affect my positive experience with Zen Micro in any way.
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	The divider is tiny and well designed... Åk hasn't read the desktop yet
1	The secretary is tiny and well conceived...
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, in my opinion, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that lasts only 18 months.
0	However, in my opinion, $299 is a pair of mountains for a division that lasted only 18 months.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	He doubted the wolf was a son and a smell, and the knee was difficult until (or absolutely vital), and it was just the smell that was the smell of the slogans, so that he could keep a big page, which he did not press on the symbol.
1	There was no search, or the cane was easy and infallible, or the gene was difficult to use at any time (which was absolutely vital if it was a coin) and it was not a definite smell of the gene that knew the immunodeficiency bag only when the location was lost to the terminal function, because no lamp was added to the field file.
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	The evocative configuration of a Linksys browser router was the only instruction to say that it was a CD installer, a sad feeling - we would be connected very briefly, but it continued to fall and in our idea of how to solve the problems of not abdicating.
0	There is no connection interface, but there is no connection interface, but there is no connection to the user or installation code.
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	During a week of use, there was no need to leave or leave.
1	I never restarted or rolled again in a week of use.
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	I bought this phone, and I think it's the best phone I've ever had.
1	I buy this phone, and I imagine what the cell phone is, which I had.
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason is not 5 stars: the battery life of 12 hours declared is very optimistic - to listen and listen continuously for 12 hours without choosing one, but in real life it is likely to increase to 6-8 hours.
0	The only reason you don't have 5 stars: the life of the 12-hour battery is optimistic - you can feel the 12-hour continuum without touching the placenta, the thirst in real life, you can probably climb to 6-8 hours.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	For example, it is a sufficient capacity and capacity to make a complete family inventory.
1	This is the family's ability to make complete inventions, for example.
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	Fast synchronization is not good that has not pronounced well and is not good.
0	n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total price for delivery (paid) was $135!
1	The total price with the delivery (freeship) was $135!
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	I feel solid in my hand.
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	Perfect colors and contrasts in me.
1	The color and contrast are perfect for my needs.
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	The development and direct sending of the computer was scandalously fast.
1	The processing and direct sending of the computer was scandalously fast.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	Couldn't read the autofocus system.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	Retouching, rejecting, etc. are very easy to change and rectify.
1	The retouching, redirection, etc. are easy to change and are correct.
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	Excellent hair dryers excellent.
1	In general, an excellent phone.
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	This unit comes with USB / cable as standard.
1	This unit comes with USB/Firewire cable as standard element.
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	Contrast, freshness and legality of the song that will be visited or until the end of the month in which you do not fight.
1	Contrasts, frequency and lawfulness do not eclipse in true angels outward.
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	The candle may be better, but xtra isn't once when she doesn't pose with her.
0	Vela can come in, but there's no xtra zen when she sees it.
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	The ability to store me is great.
1	the storage capacity is great for me --
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	The only cenettes I have with the room are beautiful, with the dear boxy, you need a bracelet instead of a brain, and it's a little slow between the images.
0	The only gray I have with capture is in the box, forget, don't exasperate, don't press, and it's a little slow among the photos.
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	Obviously, they have problems of quality and reliability.
0	Obviously, they have quality and reliability issues.
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	Premium 7 windows are good -LRB- does not recommend boot -RRB- and easy to user.
1	Premium screen 7 is good -LRB- does not recommend starting -RRB- and easy to use.
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	Predictable box, puree and bona plausible.
1	The loudspeaker appeared in boxing, offering many and good style.
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	That this product really needs documentation to configure the router for MISCELLANEOUS OPERATIONS!
0	What this product needs is best documented on how to configure the router for MISCELLANEOUS OPERATION SYSTEMS!
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	Do not make electronic impressions, it must be preserved, if this page deserves 5 stress.
1	I'm not easily impressed with electronics, it tends to be a bit conservative, but this product deserves a real 5 stars.
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	D-Link became greedy and tried to sell her pathological extras, making the product unusable.
0	D-Link has become greedy and tries to sell its additional potatoes making the product unusable.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	In a harsh environment, it's hard to hear it over the phone.
0	In harsh environments, hearing aids are hard to hear.
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	Page: Shuvant: + Press a superintellectual jivêye that tiny cubes for security or enema + Cap Bon; launches a total bonus, maximum volume sedation -LRB- View '`Cons', mut -RRB-, at least in myoria self-education + Universal Connector; associated with standard miniconnections that can configure all MP3+ disks; sales with USB or its 4 AAA x launchers.
1	Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	Remote control is weak and strange to use.
0	Remote control is weak and uncomfortable to use.
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	The other flu is the incredible remote control, which is worse than any other, the best launch units.
0	The other influence is the incredible remote control, which is more than anything else, the aroke of the methode unitate.
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	These monitors are great for the price.
1	This is the highest of the monitors that are precious.
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	It's light enough to carry with you everywhere, but powerful enough to get an excellent pix.
1	You're free, but you're free.
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	The screen is big, you see everything you want and you read it net.
1	The screen is brilliant, you see everything you want and I'm clear.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I bought this room before I went to sell, and even if I didn't want to save the extras for $$, it was worth it.
1	You put me in this dressing room before you went to sell, and you didn't have any extra gifts, you deserved it.
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	Do not press the ``Autofit'' button that you do instantly.
1	You do not need to select the automatic argument button, which is the one that selects it.
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	The speakers have a very rich and good percussion, obviously a surprise is, and you need subwoofer glasses!!
1	The spices have a very rich percussion and a good percussion, of course we know for you that did not give you a great subwoofer!!
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	Having the last firmware, but as many others have described, the router's estalpal worked randomly in 5 minutes and then washed.
0	You don't have the firmware file, but as many others have described, the stelpal router ejaculation disappears for 5 minutes and control.
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	I never would've checked.
0	I wouldn't buy it again because of customer service.
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	And I say my experiences, but the router hopes to return to the warehouse, so he has never made enough progress to prove it.
0	I'd say my experiments, but the router is waiting to get back to the store, so I never had time to try.
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	I enjoy this speaker, and you're probably back in the creative labs.
1	I love this speaker, and we're probably back in creative labs.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	And Ellevis the Supreme, because Ellevis the unity of the unity he has made.
1	Zx has a superior quality to the hippopotamus, but easily compromises the size of the unit.
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	If you go up and don't have color problems with another canvas (adhesive, block reader, etc.).
1	Use dielum and do not disturb other lists (bed, speaker lock, etc.).
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	File uninstalled, not all of Symantect's opening email email.
0	It is not reinstalled again, nor with online support and e-mail from Symantect technicians.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	Fortunately, the soft boot helped first hang the wood and bark or bad case, a det.
0	Fortunately, the start of the key will help you recover the game and play or an evil, a dinner.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes an apartment is not a problem, and all you have is a lot of headaches.
0	Sometimes, after that, it's not good and all you have is a lot of headache.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	For reasons of clarity, here is my opinion on this product, edited to be suitable for this product, because, for the most part, it compartmentalizes many of the same problems.
0	It is clear that it is my review of this project, published appropriate to this project, most of my problem.
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	I started accessing and transferring files to find it valued off.
0	I started accessing and transferring files to know that it was extremely slow.
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	Connected at the end of D-Link N, speed connected to 18mbps and wireless to 8mbps.
0	Connected to the end N of the D-Link, the connection falls to 18mbps and wireless to 8mbps.
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	I wanted the product to work badly, but I didn't want it.
0	I wanted to work badly, but I didn't.
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	All cool features of the mini, but 20GB instead of 5.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	Obviously, I did a little exam before buying (recommended www. nomadness.net), and Illius is Zenus.
1	Of course I did a pre-acquisition exam (recommendation www.nomadness.net ), and an unbeatable Zen signal wire.
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	I was trying to leave the questions to your website, and you never answer them.
0	You insinuate questions about your website, and you don't answer.
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	It also has an integrated application of monitoring actions (unnecessary years) and something useful that has converted all kinds of metrics (values, length, zone, etc.).
0	This is the selection of a trace application (not required) and a utility that has converted all metric titles (value, length, surface, etc.).
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Enable/deactivate (returned from bars) and the start is right.
1	The open/close block (soft start) and deep block are on the right.
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	After the week he tried to impress songs and delete one, if you don't have one, if you still love me.
0	I have not been able to read it, I have tried to use other songs and to erase others, but the street has not gone away, but has returned to my reader.
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	, which is selected from his image g3 dnoxhaedje is a fantasy world designed to defend criticism.
0	So g3 can be photographed in black is fantasy of the world that is believed plausiblely acritic.
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The fault is in the circuit to which the helmet jack is connected.
0	The fault is in the circuit to which the output power is connected.
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	Speakers are very small, so they didn't occupy much space, but they reproduce as Voren, and of high quality.
1	They were small, and they were not of the great length, and they were scattered, what is their strength, and we have a great quality?
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less than a cheap inhaled forge or a laminate cutter.
1	Less than he did, he inhaled the mill.
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	Configure 1.5 hours to select the selected type -LRB- to process the image and you don't need to save -RRB- and lose soul and MacBook as cards.
1	Immediately connect the corn five hours and five hours to Mac and MacBook, and it was not waiting online, but Mac and MacBook.
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	No less than the deleted emacralated songs (I have the removed selection that used on my pc) the file was very painless.
1	No less time to edit songs (think one way or another on my PC) or transfer it was very painful.
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	Getting the installation program with the experiment of hell is alive.
0	Implanting the program properly was hell.
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I never agreed to the hearing aid. I'm uncomfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been great at an autopsy - I'm not so comfortable.
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	He handled the battery well and lasted.
1	I treated the battery well and it lasted.
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But all these things don't mean serious, serious, stupid and incredible things; after three months, you can't hear any.
0	But that doesn't mean anything, because seriously, seriously, stupidly and ridiculously the absence of a design element: after 3 months, in search of a set, you feel nothing.
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First of all, it's serious, serious installation problems.
0	First of all, serious installation problems.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I never liked the idea of Diaper Genie's cake.
0	New idea of Diaper Genie did not like it.
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	The battery life is exceptional, which lasts 8-10 hours and we are rational for matis players in the market.
1	The life of the battery is exceptional, more than 8-10 hours that seem animated are grain players in the market.
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	And the case, how he won quality control.
0	And write it down, like your girls aren't failing quality control.
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	After a long and long transition to high performance caricature, a medical camera ipiraris gravitateorium incis ad hoc tiny gemula, for an image quality of 4 megapixels.
1	After a long and vast journey in a demented room full of resources, high efficiency, initial gravitational for this small image of jewels of more than 4 megapixels.
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	Every time the nomad thinks the file is damaged, it freezes them.
0	Every time the nomad thinks the file is open, it freezes.
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I say the operating system that the phone is running out of trouble.
0	I'd say the operating system that the phone is running has problems.
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	And he saw that whatever he wanted in the pile saw that he had taken a big picture almost everywhere.
1	This room is perfect for the person who wanted a compact room that produces excellent photographs in almost all situations.
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	And I realize that the creative mess of a home run here, and I think Zen Micro is more like a double stand-up.
1	Eball metaphor: it sucks creatively and pees home run and believes Zen Micro double seeds.
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	They caused the problem, or caused it incorrectly in boxing, service technology cannot believe that the software said it was wrong.
0	We have a problem with erotic productions, or not to say it.
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	An arsenal uses a set of clip router for eleven years without problem.
1	The armor is a roundabout for eleven years, no problem.
0	First off, the battery.
0	First off, the battery.
0	First, the battery.
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	They're fabulous, I think, and I'm not an equalizer.
1	You're wonderful, in my opinion, and I'm not playing an equalizer.
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	The only thing left is that the speaker's voice is very thin.
0	The only way to open the speaker is simple.
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	We don't have to worry about being out of the woods with a bucket of tablecloths!
1	We wouldn't have to worry about running out of substitutes with this mime stamp!
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	Great lcds - at least for me, 2" is raloyaedje
1	Localization on the LCD - at least for me, 2" is a lockdown
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple iPod battery replacement service costs $100!
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100!
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, problems with the touch-pad [not intuitive] and the poor instructional guide killed him.
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad problems and the instructions that deceived him killed him.
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	Write me this artifact for your censorship, but I'm not impressed.
0	You put me in what genuine fireworks, and you censored me, and I'm not impressed.
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	And another link to the clip that is above the touch page, and the clip worked for the screen, and put the clip on the clip when Zen is observed by the clip.
1	Another is the fresh light that surrounds or touches, and the light must be lit when it touches the screen, and how light shines when zen is connected to the computer.
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	Fix the grease job with the strap in my car, and yeah, you know it in the cart.
1	It was a good job with my belt in my car, and it was easy for you, for you, for you, for me.
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	or the software was large, which caused an administrative user account ( Windows xp ).
1	the software was large, since it had an administrative user account ( Windows xp ).
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	Subscription files are still a bit slow to transfer, but only about 10%.
0	The subscription files are a little slow to transfer, but they are about 10%.
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	Nomadic exploration has provided a lot of functionality offered for third-party programs, such as notmad.
1	The nomadic exploration offers many features offered by third-party programs, such as notmad.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For Mac OSX users, iSync works well.
1	Your Mac OSX iSync user works fine.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Really fixed, easy to use, satisfies the photos, very intuitive, appeared in my jacket.
1	The place, easy to use, great photographs, very intuitive, fits in my jacket bag.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	Hitachi operated with quality, without confusing us with food hitachi in China.
1	On a quality page, do not be confused with the short pantoga that Hitachi is made in China.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy approaches to navigate easily, 35Mb memory card to save images and other things.
1	3) Joy by fresh navigation, memory card 35Mb to memorize images and other things.
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	With the problem, DVDs are repeatedly frozen during playback while the playback counter continues.
0	With the problem, the DVD was repeatedly frozen during playback, while the reader's counter continued.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	In short - Nokia does not know which text selection did not work in Palma and, if the mine does not copy into the commercial technology file, does not print or complete the text.
0	In writing, Nokia jumps without knowing that it doesn't work for you, and if you don't listen to the message, my technical file is complete, in English it doesn't show the email.
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	He still has some scary software.
0	There's always some scary software.
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	And if its seed is of quality, and a light in time, there it will be obtained.
1	If you want a quality product, delivered on time, buy it.
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	Compared to other market players, iPod has one of the worst pillars.
0	Compared to other market players, the iPod has one of the worst batteries.
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	, a calendar / organizer, snooze alarms, fm radio (very cool, but only through an orix-peice), gaballes, Java app and related to the speed of internet gprs.
1	Image gallery page (when selected), calendars/organization, snook alarm, fm radio (very frid, configured unicum in die), game application, java and file connection.
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo
0	The next day, select the laptop and connect me to the file, but don't connect the card.
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	Sounds good, but we don't use it much.
1	You don't have it.
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	Besides, the son is in free bronze and I bought it in another era.
1	The excess of pure pork and ego are satisfied.
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High-quality videos and images are a stone!
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	The intruder screen is a bit irritating as you want to pose or press the action before using the screen (so the guy does the automatic), and the effect that the extortion is too small and irritating to be rewritten for a moment.
0	in a set of equivalents that are not irritating in the selection of a priori buttons using files (photo or autoframe) and the effect that is tiny of dispersed mass and insignificant easy distance.
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	It's plastic.
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	Apex's technical support is literally - non-existent.
0	The technical support of the apex is literally - nonexistent.
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	Also have a good guest resource, so visitors can connect separately from their main link.
1	It is also a guest function, so visitors can connect separately from their main link.
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	During memory update, the keyboard connector broke.
0	He failed to read the memory.
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	He hasn't read the firmware.
1	Like the firmware dextis drag and drop or like another pull drive.
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	The box shows "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Fed Simple" "A nase configuration button" "Easy Easy Easy Start" "Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy
0	and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y y
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	Compared to the rest of this category, it's probably the most successful for the dock.
1	Compared to this category, this uncertain explosion is what's best than the dollar.
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	The medeja is stable for a long time a small challenge (there is not enough room for the finger handle).
0	Your great facts are imposed for a controversial period (never the body of the chamber that is superior to what you say).
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	Steve's individual page is, is fast and supports, and moves the sign, which does not replace 18.
0	You can't read Steve's signature, and make sure the file is searched.
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	Never felt the smell of the saddle.
1	We never smell the seal.
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	In general, it is an excellent option, which is a small laptop, and a laboratory of kilos and outdoor speakers.
1	In general, this is a great option for us to have a tiny laptop, and we want operas and speakers out.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	Always from iPod 5 stars, but because it can be something I did wrong during installation (but follow the instructions for the screen) to give Apple the benefit of duplicate.
1	So, giving the iPod 5 pops, you can lose in the installation (where seconds on the screen) that Apple is dubteix.
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Which page is reproduced from 10?
1	Why bother when we perform perfections with Media Player 10?
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	But for what I use, it's perfect.
1	But what he uses is perfect.
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	Couldn't find a file yet.
1	Due to the cost of this product, I do not have any additional points.
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	It's very bad when a record erases death and erases bad as the eight sounds!
1	Much better than the bark of Diaper Genius, and the water of the children's water.
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	I'm bored with the look of silver.
0	I'm sick of the silver look.
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	I didn't use all the files, like calendars, etc., but like a rock music game.
1	I didn't use all the functions, like calendars, etc., but like a musical touch, this rock check.
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If you didn't insinuate it, I'd say no.
0	If you hadn't caught me, I'd have told you to close.
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	And he believed on the radio, and he didn't see all the people around the world: and it's a good thing that the viewers were lost, and that there were concerts and scheduled, and the NPR went on, and went on.
1	And that FM radio has lived very much with a coin of songs available to me, but it is free to select recordings, concerts and shows at the end, NPR, and always.
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	If I don't need something with a little more space, I consider this game only for the player.
0	Verdict: If I don't need something with some space, I think of this game only for the player.
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	I tried calling the apex acoustic service without help.
0	I've been trying to call the cusp service, no help.
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	In fact, this was perfect for us who do not have rotational patients.
1	On the other hand, it is the perfect server that did not patiently influence it.
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	His drastic distinction between monitor cysts and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast, illumination and vivi angels.
1	I see a drastic distinction between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast, brightness and visual accessories.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us just want to connect and play, not spend a year sailing in a maze of complicated options... like transferring everything to a hard drive for this stupid thing.
0	Most of us know et lee, it wasn't a maze of complex files in a year... since I don't have a hard drive for this nebula.
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	In addition to speed, the signal consists and functions without interruptions, etc.
1	In addition to speed, the signal is a constant and continuous function, etc.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	The manners I made a comfortable use and experienced little vibration.
1	The sleeves make it very comfortable to wear and experience little vibration.
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	As an engineer, I am ashamed of the engineering prophecy when the repairman is lost.
0	As an engineer, he honors the engineering profession when it comes to selling.
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	However, the sounds were clear and drawn from the dubåve, the front of the television.
1	However, the sounds were spot-on and extracts from where they were selected.
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	I see a lot of other censuses that say the same thing...
0	You see so many other crises that have said the same thing... Norton's escape, you don't deserve it, or anyone else!
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	General build calitat, good macro results, impressive video quality, good photo with flash (good colors, clear results), excellent white car balance.
1	Total built quality, macro results, impressive quality video, flash bone images (good colors, net results), excellent black automatic balance.
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	When the lens of the viewfinder (not in lcd) or the inference of the trunk of the photo (about 15%) is blocked by the lens.
0	when the viewfinder (not lcd) indicates the lower left corner of the photo (about 15%) is blocked by the lens.
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	I am very satisfied with My ZX, so here is a brief review.
1	I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	Keeping it in time, and it was new, a perfect condition, a performance, as if you can expect de autos, less in mind that I am eminently intelligent for the computer, saying that my opinion is very pops.
1	We have it in time, and it was new, perfect state, performance, as you can expect factory specifications, we have shade and estimated intellectual information, so to find it for many people.
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	The combination of prices, file size and game characters is to play the method on foot.
1	The combined loan element, methods and characters do not expire to reproduce the execution mode.
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Photographs and videos Calitat is fine.
1	The quality of the image and the video is good.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and change normal, easy to press, but important, easy to use a magnate - just insert the acid papilla and turn the handle.
1	It is not possible to find the information not available, it is not possible to find the information not available.
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels are good for everyone, but professional, and not sardines of the result of this room.
1	Four megapixels is a lot for all professions, and is not disappointed with the results of this room.
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I have no problem with iTunes with Zen Micro (unfortunately).
1	We don't trouble you with Zen Micro (improvised).
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It can't be slow.
0	Relaxing the Internet interconnection continuum and making it easy for WALLS to block Linx, so everyone is very slow.
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	Activate the camera while pressing the button (or the button menu? I have to restart the chord =) and show the time and date.
1	Put the camera by pressing the button (or the button menu? Reset =) and disappoints the time and date.
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) Motion button / interruption
0	2 ) key switch/clicker
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	I must agree with the other speakers on the quality of this speaker.
0	We must agree with others like this speaker.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	There is the fourth real estate company of SystemWorks and the second real estate company of Internet Security that always presses.
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security used, which has always been a favorite.
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	This phone has a very cool and useful function -- the speaker.
1	This phone has a very good and useful function -- the speaker.
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	But they liked that there was no window, but there was no big problem for me: a strong case and good protection.
1	It is a complaint that I was a big problem; and the party was strong, and offered good protection.
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	So, right outside the box I had a problem with.
0	Well, I've got a problem with the boxing.
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	He answered it monthly (interviewed it 24 hours before the reply - the man 27 days ago.)
0	You don't answer memeses (he asks 24 hours before answering - I expect 27 days.)
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	The configuration was very easy.
1	The implant was very easy.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	It's Norton, and on the negative points of the connected Internet, it stopped, and my computer was almost dead, and we had trouble with the newspapers.
0	Norton can't read, and in a few minutes he opened my tab, and my page was almost dead, due to problems with the plot.
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	Linksys technical support does not have the router configuration that will be used on Mac.
0	The Linksys technical support site has no router configuration to use with a Mac.
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	And yet, it is enough time to self-liquidate to keep some of the Creative promises.
0	For a time it passes what is satisfied, and murmurs as much as the Creator's promise.
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The Earbuds are great helmets file my AGK Studio 240, not good, but very anxious.
1	The ears are as good as the AGK Studio 240, not tan bon, tan bon, tan bon tansos.
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	And unity conforms to virtue, and press a button, but it was an evil triumph.
0	The file format was a small file and we selected the button directly, if it was a very painless process.
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	I have no question or question about her.
0	So don't buy the update.
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	exceed my highest expectations in a 4m room.
1	exceed my highest expectations in a 4mp room..
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	Nor for the price you don't find better for the cost.
1	You don't think it's better for the price.
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replacement bats.
1	- Replacement battery.
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	Its position is not shown.
1	Unbelievable images could not be seen and the image of its size could not be overcome.
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you use a preset and a password, lose all page files by installing your new page on your page!
0	If you use standard, unified and Nordic security to install the new versus the new, you have all the problems to install the new versus the system!
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But you won't regret it.
1	However, do not complain.
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is fantastic.
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	It is not clear, but it waits for hidden cavities (certification of gross profits and expansion loans) because the aggression of the real society in all the imaginable assertions necessary for the normal employee of the day.
0	Your new scripts read, highlight page power, select (legal commissions) and use page power and all useless files used.
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	Eyet en une quantitaedje d'araedjes, my favorites are shrimp and pem (personal information processors - for example, organizers), and radio!
1	Select the game and pay for favorites (addresses page info - i.e the organizer) and radio!
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	Buy the desktop that doesn't hold or file.
1	I bought the notmad software a week ago and discovered that it was a great improvement.
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	It seems that Zen Micro can be used as a portable drive to store and transport one computer to another.
0	Selection: Show, you can use Zen Micro as a portable disk to give you emacral and emacral from one computer to another.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful about Symantec/Norton.
0	There's nothing useful about Symantec/Norton.
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	My blue stripes and mutts look at WD's TV box, smile and illustrate a good firmware for smoking, and go all the way.
1	Watching my TV Blue-ray and WD leans, smiles and smokes after the good news of the firmware and finally good news.
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	Internet access is not possible.
0	Sometimes a week seems to leave Internet access.
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	On customer service (www.apexdigitalinc.com) is very poor.
0	its customer service (www.apexdigitalinc.com) is very poor.
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	Problem is, in good simulation, he denies reading second albums as "extra" film as two tempting moments.
0	Simulating the film, he managed the second readings of the albums in the server's "extra" brown film as a Haec factum nail.
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	Recent telephones and pains (IMHO) (note).
1	Recently, red phones (it's on Blackberry's new cell phone), and it's much bigger (IMHO).
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	Most hard products are cured, and Logitech products are no exception to such rules, but because they are a bit, really a more robust battery than my old radio.
1	The production difficulties were in order, and Logitech productions are not an exception to the rules, but because they are something, in fact, much more difficult than radio.
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	As a portable player, you need to feel a little more durability.
0	As a portable pleasure, he felt a little more durable.
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	Mark the son of Amazon, and I'm free to say what my job was at the end of the box.
1	step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step, step
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	He chose to play the song in three ways, without triumph.
0	You mean the song of triumph, the excellence of you.
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	Avoider is bosses like the fish.
0	Avoiding it is the scheme of eating finished.
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	56K or served on the table was not full in 2Hz Pentium 4 in memory of 256MB, and you are in the anus.
0	It seems to have returned 56k of Internet services, but I use a Pentium 4 Dell 2GHz with 256MB of memory and I have an excellent year of broadband services.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	I'm a camera setup, and it's ready, and it's not in the hand for the script.
1	More cameras, but it's used, and it's never on a table: it's always on my table.
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	Technical assistance is not valid.
0	Technical support has no value or value.
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	Primum, the player didn't allow me to access DVD menus.
0	The game didn't read me the DVD menus.
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	The other controls are all easy to use.
1	The other controls are very easy to use.
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The campaign left a smell for a year.
1	The champion left a smell for over a year.
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	Image is a couple of bits.
0	The photos are a little dark sometimes.
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think that the system works and that the commands are well invoked and have not read the privacy of a microphone, the interfaces and orders of the first and second day.
1	I think the operating system and the controls are very good and I admit that it is a little intimidated for the configuration of the micro houne, the interface and the controls that are left behind according to the nature of the games.
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	It's great that you have your first DVD player.
1	It's possible to jump to the song.
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	He did not find the earth, and the demon field is good.
1	While the impetuous layer is not yet invented, the diaphanous champion is something good you have.
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	It's the way he falls on time, not the way he falls on pasta.
0	This router fell from time to time, and it was not the old router, and the feu in time.
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	It's a big towel seal.
1	This is a great dad.
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	The installation was as easy as announced.
1	The installation was easier than ever.
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	"LRB-Everything you say, and the speakers are of good quality.
1	Anything you say, sound quality speakers.
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	Magnaris Magnaris Magnaris is a small boom, sometimes for my records, sometimes we have 17.
0	Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	It is also part of Creative MediaSource Organizer and software, which initially had the book ZS Audigy; it is certainly an additional adjuvant.
1	alias, part-ego Creative MediaSource Organizer and player, who originally had an Audigy ZS audio program; uncertainty is a complement to the program.
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6. The Zen nx battery requires the needle adapter to stand out; it is not charged with the USB cable; it is not tragic, but the USB charge would be a convenient (more advanced) selection.
0	6. The relay adapter of the Zen nx type battery is not transmitted in the USB box if the USB charge (adequate).
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	I have an excellent hearing, but the volume of this phone is particularly quiet.
0	It had an excellent server, but the volume level of this option is specifically silent.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Norton if Norton could say 30.
0	The big reason for not buying a Norton product: If you have a problem with it, Norton pays $30 to say.
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	Both are absolutely excellent elements.
1	Both are absolutely great elements.
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	I don't want to be a sensationalist, but this computer is amazing.
1	I don't want to be a sensationalist, but this computer is incredible.
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	And the model is mute, free and plausible; and for him it is easy to escape.
1	The model is also very clean and pleasant, and the software is very easy to use.
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	After installation, the first time the Creative MediaSource organizer started, the intentions and functions of the Morses CD user ceased to be complete.
0	After the installation, the first time the Creative MediaSource organizer started, with the intention of using its CD recording and extraction functions, was completely exempted.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	It was not clear that NIS 04 was a terrifying product and did not deserve to be updated.
0	The variety sounds of Norton I.S. 2004 (Cnet, Amazonia, teachers) and concluded that NIS 04 was a terrifying product and did not deserve to be updated.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	When it works, it's brilliant, but it takes a lot of time.
1	When she's tall, she's temperate.
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	However, this script is a boycott and no problem, because I installed it for weeks.
1	to do good, and not to be troubled, to set up two sets.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	Actually, with $160, it's an absolute theft.
1	The point is, with 160 dollars, he's a total robot.
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	From now on, we use all the resources mentioned above, and I think it is correct and easy to understand.
1	You can't select the bomb, you can find the bomb, and you can't find the bomb, or you can't find the bomb.
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	The battery life cannot be very long; we are not greedy.
0	The life of the pillar cannot be long; there is no evil.
0	what a junk . 
0	Shit.
0	That's garbage.
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	I translated it to my sister in college and she likes it!
1	I was dragging my sister around the world, and I was bothering her.
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The file extraction/transfer software that I came with is easy to use.
1	The file extraction/transfer software that comes with pleasure is easy to use.
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	I don't care what the hard drive gets from your contracts.
0	It irritates me that the player is not automatically recognized as a hard drive.
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	I cannot imagine that the external interruptions are large that, at the end of the anecdotes, it is not possible to identify IP addresses, the dynamic selection of the static IP router and assign the static IP addresses to the router or modem.
0	You cannot imagine that the external interruption is in the window, select the IP address, the dynamic IP selection of the static IP router and the static IP address compatible with the router or modem.
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	Selection of list 10 volume!!
1	Work 10 hours with the rock of a total caibate!!
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Anyway, I'm glad I bought it.
1	Whatever it is, I'm glad I bought it here.
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	1 stars, because, compared to other Nokia phones, is a 1, compared to other corporate errors (such as a Samsung and Motorola) can be good... but if we have a Nokia, we don't.
0	Its 1 star, compared to other things Nokia, sápid 1, compared to other trumpets (such as samsung and motorola) can be good... but if you don't understand.
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	Apex replied to my email describing the problem that the semester and the meal are still busy.
0	Apice did not reply to my email describing the problem after almost a week and the customer service line is still busy.
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	It's not all the files, but when I was trying to pick a basketball game, it wasn't in the box.
0	Obviously, none of you wanted to play basketball, but the lady didn't fly down her lips.
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	The only and most important option I have in this game is the life of the crowd.
0	The only important thing that happened to me in this place is the life of the fight.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	After reviewing different tabs, we discovered what is arbitrary and each problem.
0	You can't read everything.
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	FM radio reception is not spectacular, nor are the forecasts of superpower stations in each metropolitan area.
0	FM radio reception was not a program, but it captured stations in the metropolitan area.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	DEPENDIBLE: There was no defect.
1	I didn't see a defect.
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	The Eax sound expansion function did not do enough for me and Eq customization was limited to 5 bands of Eq.
0	The function of the Eax site operating on the mem, and the eq custom was equal to 5 strips.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Find all jives, songs, etc. is very easy when you didn't have 20 concerts (between 18 concerts) of music.
1	Finding all the records, songs, etc. is much worse than I thought, according to having 20 concerts (in 18 rhythmic concerts) that deserve the music.
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	The audio cube is fantastic.
1	The audio of the Cube is great.
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	I couldn't read the page, I was constantly trying to load and repair the page.
0	She had no parental control, so he chose my father.
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	I couldn't read the clip.
0	I insist, you can't access the Internet on omnibus.
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	The player's mechanics are also defective.
0	the reproductive machine is also defective.
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros The design is very nice, and the colors are also beautiful.
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	As for what I could get with an external flash in my slr nikon, the G3 internal flash produces pictures and rigid photos with hot flash points.
0	In, if you can get externally in middle niches, in g3 internal flashes produce photos and hard photos with hot flash points.
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	If two negative frontal criticisms are made: ( 1 ) yes, the portion of the lens on the lower left side of the lens; however, the lcd lens is clearly visible and rarely is found using the lens.
0	The Åk could not read: ( 1 ) if the slow barrel is part of the color of the left slow center is half lcd which is eliminated and rarely found in the slow.
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I think if you leave it inside (no rear light) my speaker can probe mut plus 12 hours to a bad volume.
1	Imagine my intat speakers (without rear lighting) I can reproach the volume of 12 hours at a bad volume level.
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	I think you're too big, and I think you're too small and too easy.
1	If it stops very fresh, and I think it is very tiny and very bright.
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	Daria 4.5 stars, if possible, but giving 5 stars would be misleading, giving 4 stars.
1	Select $4.5, and if it's $5, choose $4.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	Modify an 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and select.
1	Selection Mhz 866 to 512 PC 133 RAM and operate.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	Click on the JPG images and that your phone has a Bluetooth device, it is extraordinarily easy to transfer photos to my PC and before.
1	Click or format the JPG image and select a Bluetooth division, do not read the pages of the page and before.
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	There's a 3x mobile zoom that's medium cameras.
0	This is half the camera.
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	The leaf was wonderful.
1	The room was wonderful.
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I like to turn the device into a hand...
1	So that I like what I can do with one hand...
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	Simántica told me she didn't know it, but I had to get her technical support at 35 ooch to help me! They told me and waited 55 minutes until I arrived!
0	Symantic Chalmedje and Hann told me that they had not registered me, but they had technical dates at $35/h per selection! Chalmedje and they had 55 minutes to choose!
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First of all, I have to say that I have no problem with this room or the software.
1	First of all, I have to say that I've never had a problem with this room or the software.
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	The non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled non-disabled
1	is slightly lighter than g2 and is impregnated with even more resources.
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	It's a perfect combination to make with your pockets.
1	This is a lost mix to use the clipboards.
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	It has many capabilities that will always make room for the new technologies in evolution.
1	So many skills always exceed advanced technologies.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW I-Drive - making it work, but it had the most intuitive interface and excessive layers.
0	OPERATION: it is BMW I-Drive - it works, but it has the most intuitive interface and excessive layers.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	Normally, it is difficult to press the router, activate the Chuck block and remove the colitis.
0	Often, it is difficult to capture the router well, activate Chuck's lock and engage heavily behind the key to solve the vest.
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	Return control of the distance of the product that is faulty.
0	Try to return or control this product remotely, because it looks defective.
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the installation unit.
1	Easy to use with the clear instruction contained in the installation unit.
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its beautiful appearance is also a front.
1	Magnificent excess excess excess excess.
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	Inspired by Belkinus FM, he operated well in radio-efficient furniture, but in what was less terrifying vitch.
0	It tested Belkin's FM transmitter and worked well when I put it on a portable radio, but it was terrible to tempt it in a car that was a little disappointing.
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	The slippery bar is a little painful.
0	The travel bar is a little painful.
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	When sending the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card, consider buying one of these super extra screens.
1	When the role of Matrox G550 Dual-DVI comes up, I think of buying large screens.
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	It does not select a child, nor false a child (seeking the inevitable place and God).
1	No judge has been, or hasn't been, yet.
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	At a low sensitivity level, a touch lightus can collect or interrupt the track.
0	More at BLOW sensitivity level, a touch file can skip the track.
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	Although I was worried about plastic and fragile aspects, but it really works.
0	Plastic and fragile aspects worry me, really operational.
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	The DVD player is fine.
1	The DVD player is good.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	If the iPod was fractured, if the iPod was bwait and said, the server was about $105.50 per minute talking to the iPod "abuse".
0	If you call the apple and tell them that the iPod is dance, charge about $105.50 per minute and "abuse" the iPod.
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	1. Customer service - 6 cryas Half was efficient the other half was incompetent.
0	Customer service, 6 calls were efficient and the other one incompetent.
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	However, SharePort on this new router works 0% of the time.
0	Instead, SharePort on this new router operates 0% of the time.
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	A WRT54G plus or HGA7T is a small solution if there is no wireless connection in a large Azès or hard file, as was my case.
1	The WRT54G plus or HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a larger area or for a house with hard walls like me.
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	The buttons and interfaces are very easy to use.
1	buttons and interfaces are very easy to use.
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) The nomadic browser (e.g. Winxp interface) has worked well to transfer advanced files and files to nomadic users on existing sites, one day after technical sites that the main speaker's opportunity is the same speaker.
1	3 ) the nomadic browser (Winxp style interface) works well to transfer to the files to use nomadic as external, even if the technical support site clarifies the intention of the main disk is like a disk.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	Exasperat at 3:00 a.m., I summoned him and sent him this horrible deceptive product.
0	Exasperating at 3:00 is magna, giving a boat through the hook and sending it to defeat.
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	And it sounds good, there's no pleasure.
1	And there's no good regret in it.
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	The only disadvantage is that the spectator is slowly blocked.
0	The only drawback is that the lens laughs.
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	Salit de la battle and he got hurt, just because they knew he wasn't.
0	You don't read used batteries.
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2. Or is not in the box that is not in the box
0	2. The running button is not the best, because sometimes it can be difficult to select.
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	Colors are a joke, and I personally hate stupid vertical touchpad.
0	The colors are chic and personally stupid touchpad vertical odi.
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	The bass is also quite impressive by the small pilots.
1	The file can't go wrong.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Fortunately, with 3 discounts, this product does not cost me anything!Infatis, it is worth nothing.
1	Lucky, with three pounds, this product doesn't cost me anything!
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in the optical viewfinder.
0	* lenses visible in optical viewfinder.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Cannot lock, fill selected file points.
0	I couldn't read it all.
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	I got over it and I got over it.
1	I'm very happy with him, especially for him.
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	ITunes can escape from the CD attachment or free of charge from the Apple site.
1	Taxed ITunes a free CD from Apple Apple locations.
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After the class of reviewing LCD problems, black blocks, etc., I imagine it was probably a very limited problem.
0	I don't think your legendary problems, interruptions, blobs, etc., I guess it was probably a big problem.
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	As the "mass" worked well in the waste of photographs that did not penetrate the "usual" sediments.
1	The "dining" mode works well for the rest of the photos that do not go in a "usual" configuration.
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	And it's really the best cell phone we can have.
1	And it's really the best cell you can have.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited to only 9 seconds.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	And I can't use the same strong weapons to control it, to see what's good.
1	I find myself very stable and comfortable to use, you don't know or you don't want to print me to use Braçu's power to keep it under control, and have a vision of his greatness.
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	Imagine my shock - and the absolute instant depressed for any apex fat.
0	Imagine my shock and my absolute indignation in every product packed in water.
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	The G3 has focal lighting problems and did not search the search page, but if the page starts for a few seconds.
0	The G3 opened the reading concentration and did not select the image when the shutter was assumed, but the shutter was opened for a few seconds.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	The location works, as users looking for individual users for merit, and does not designate the enterprise in any way.
1	You can't read the signature, you can't read the signature, you can't write it, or you can't write it to yourself.
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	It has a cardboard layer with a good channel in inner layers.
1	It has a cardboard lid with a beautiful shell in inner layers.
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	File cache according to search.
0	The movies take about five seconds.
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	The choice was one.
0	This router was a big disappointment.
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	I wouldn't open the calls.
0	Rents don't hurt dates.
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	Another thing, and the default sounds that come with the phone are terrible.
0	Another thing, the standard tone that comes with the phone is horrible.
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	I don't have to navigate with a computer, but the D link is very easy to install and configure.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have a Mp3, FM radio player, 200k + color display, megapixel camera, quad box, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have a radio player Mp3, FM, 200k+ scheraf cols, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	I'm wearing perfumed bags, if you don't mind!
1	Wear perfumed bags and if you can't!
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	It's much more fabulous than anyone I took (PcCillins and McCaffees and Norton Antivirus only).
1	This product is much cooler than anything you have used before (PcCillins and McCaffe and Norton Antivirus only).
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	So I made a big design failure.
0	Then I made a great design failure.
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	It's a big phone call if you travel around the world, full of wonders.
1	This is a great phone call, if you travel all over the world, full of wonderful features.
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	Pretty easy, but it didn't work out.
0	Pretty easy, but it didn't work.
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	By the way, is it much more likely to fill and remove the Diaper gene, so buy material when you can share it with the dollar store coconut trees?
1	He has much more chances of filling and emptying the Diaper genre, he said, why buy it for him as if he could use healthy files from the dollar deposit?
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	In addition, the firmware has errors, download and install the firmware Linksys.
0	The firmware has tropos errors, so download and install the firmware Linksys.
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	This room is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer.
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ the screen was good, easy to read
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	Correct a number, you have to control the screen to see which number entered is correct.
0	When you write a number, you need to mark the screen to see what the correct insertion number is.
1	It works great.
1	It works fine.
1	It's a very good operation.
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	If I saw the window, I'd pick the sharp button.
0	It would be much better if he lived in the window and didn't cover Jack Ac buttons.
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	I use JBL N38 II as right and left circumference, which continues to be an excellent very fun station.
1	Use the comma JBL N38 II on the dextra and left, which is again an excellent set of plausible differences.
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	The user support service is not too large.
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	I didn't hear any dead pixels or blood color with other ACER models.
1	There are no dead pixels or blood stains that arise with other ACER models.
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think the interface is fantastic.
1	I think the interface is great.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) Doors of regular mobile sagae bell tower.
1	2) The champion regularly carries shopping bags.
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	Menzion is mentioned in a dossier and there was no difficulty in horrifying him.
1	Since it is less frequent, the travel clip is more frequent, but it is not difficult to use the horrible one.
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	It's annoying when you pay $100+ for a router and it doesn't work like you!
0	It's annoying when you pay $100+ for a router and it doesn't work like you're liquid!
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	I donated a lot of Norton products to the center and, for the most part, I was happy with the performance.
1	I've donated a lot of Norton products in my time, and by the way, I love performance.
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1- Mobile phones, in other decisions, quality reception and microphone / speaker are important illus, 6600 which have relative loudspeaker volume, strong pressure against the ear to use everything the other person says, unless the atmosphere has completely silenced.
0	Phoeles 1-A, which is the quality receiver and microphone / speaker are very important, 6600 have a relatively low volume of speaker pressure against the ear to hear what others say so that the atmosphere is incompletely silent.
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	This is an excellent and highly recommended system.
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a fragile smell in the room.
0	The product leaves a fragile smell in the room.
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	I agree with the frontal adviser who said that there is a very limited vertical angle to achieve a consistent contrast.
0	Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	He discovers that it is not a printed instruction with it, only an instruction of raw painting of the institute, which leaves much information manipulated.
0	I would be disappointed to know who is not impressed, who is the only one who is impressed or who lacks much information.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	There is little significant difference between the two versions outside the Tedius activation process, and the product is currently a buggy problem and has operational problems unless it is installed in an appropriate disk format.
0	There is no single significant distinction between the two versions, based on Tedius's activation process, and the product is currently in difficult operation and has operating problems, more than when placed in a unit format.
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	All these are great players who blow the table, which is easy to use, and easy to use, which is easy to use, and which is easy to use, and which is great among them.
1	All this, a large part of i-pod, has the hearing of active and intense girls, a software that is simple of intensity and utility, and a great sweat (it's all or count on an mp3 up).
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	If we don't have wireless files on your laptop, but if we have common wireless files on your laptop, you can wait for Linksys to drag on your desktop/software.
0	Remember here who you are from the Net Wireless laptop, if you want to associate Net Wireless Desktop together, you can view Linksys to improve desktop/software software.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	He chose to remove these page components, run antivirus servers... and he didn't drink at all.
0	You can't use the components on this page compared to the antivirus script... and it doesn't change.
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only deficiency of this is that it can become a world of plums before the salt is full.
0	The only game you can have in the cube.
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	There's nothing better than defeating an audio signal proposal...
0	This makes no sense or in any way to defeat the propitiation of audio signals...
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me, I used and stole all of Nokia's keys and 6600.
1	Trust me when you say I was using, and I said that all of Nokia's phones and the 6600 have better technology.
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I say appropriate, because it was enough to get a job from the turn, but not enough instructions to do the assembly job you can do to serve!
0	Suitable, because it was enough to get a child's job, but not enough instructions to do the steady job you can do to serve in this way!
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	After a few years of torture in the hands of customer service, I am luxurious to go, and hope to convert our family phones from 3 t & t to t-mobile!
0	After many years of torture at Manus' table, the ego of empathy and empathy in August 2004 transforms the phone of the nobis 3 family from & t to t-mobile!
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	It was a control tone for the photographic aura, and it was an input expert that was easy for the new ascension.
1	the G3 tone control matrix for photographers, but none of the "why" modes used for novels.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	Not all files moved by National Security, but not all files opened before using SystemWorks.
0	You have an earlier version of "Internet Security", you can delete it before configuring SystemWorks.
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	A few moments, it also smells like a strong smell of "new electricity".
0	It also seemed to have a strong "new electronic smell" for a while.
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	All-in-all, it's another great creative product.
1	In total, this is another excellent creative product.
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	The only thing missing is an option of adjustment or balance.
0	The only thing missing is the option of adjusting the balance.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	If the volcanoes can buy batteries, there is no lithium or lithium reading. If the lithium sells there is no lithium reading.
0	Selection to use a lithium battery, tells me that lithium batteries are uncomfortable, because it goes in part, where the battery purchase area is a park server - does not fall from the lithium battery to the lithium battery.
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	The corpus/construction in general has a slight disappointment in the heavy stainless acids s330.
0	and/or body/construction usually have a s330 stainless steel insert.
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	Choose in LG encweraedje and LG colors are not precious when one.
1	The LG reading that has been preserved by about 2 gallons and LG colors has not yet been verified.
0	door broke after a month . 
0	It breaks after a month.
0	The door fell after a month.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	And the hand of the free hand will be good for him to talk, which he took.
1	The free hand provided by the phone is useful for those who talk by phone while driving.
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	On the back of PC Nokia didn't work on some XP versions that wanted to connect my phones to the infrared port of my laptop.
0	that for pc nokia suite support software doesn't work with some versions of xp when you try to connect my phone through the infrared port of my laptop.
1	I love this phone.
1	I like this phone.
1	I love this phone.
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	Discipline is not intrusive, easy and non-intrusive, which can be taken over.
1	It's such a nice, light, non-intrusive device that it can drive anywhere.
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	20 to 90 seconds in the fiction -LRB- Non-codifying -RRB-, which does not probe, does not reveal that it uses 10 seconds in the editions of the solution -LRB- reveals that notional fiction -RRB-.
0	About 20-90 seconds to irrigate in-LRB-Noe time-RRB-, it's 10 times in an hour-LRB-which is in jivet; hey, it's not line-RRB-quat.
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	Besides, you can digest the Dades, which is a guy who wants to buy the iPod to say he has the iPod, don't worry, it's better.
1	Over time, you can remember the ego of the ego. Everyone who wants to buy iPod says that your iPod that has, whatever it is, was better.
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	This configures the PDA avan.com function in which you can omit the weather information of the site, the addresses of the map/circle, which is fantastic.
1	You cannot read PDA functions in J and J in J and information about the weather site diloyald, maps/exploratory addresses on the site.
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	Software - or jukebox musicus is not majestic, the search function is not fast to enter with attachments.
0	software - the music game jukebox is no longer large, the search function is not necessarily fast when recording with direct access to the key directly.
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	It comes with an installation CD that instructs you step by step to configure the router.
1	It sells with an installation CD that instructs you step by step to configure the router.
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	But if you do it right, we won't make progress like him.
1	But we know the function we didn't see or malfunction.
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	The only thing he lacks creativity is a CD disc.
0	The only thing that lacks creativity is a CD magnet.
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	Having a USB port -- so you can connect a USB drive and have a memory accessible to the network.
1	has USB port -- so you can connect the USB disk and have access to the network.
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	He used preponderance in case of proportional protection, from the ego of 3 ms of my work (alari) and probes in - 30 hours of fahrenheit (conceived) and continued working with the caregiver.
1	He used preponderance in case of protection, the simulator fell 3 meters from my tablet (incidentally) and was paid in - 30 gallons of fahrenheit (for design) and continued to reserve.
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	Not minute luxta importantum, set- Xbox 360 standard VGA drive and image is amazing.
1	What's New I don't think we signed, thirsty - The Xbox 360 table connected to recent users and the standard VGA photo was impressive.
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Restart the network, try the connection, and it works like a charm.
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	We need to buy new hearing aids and socks.
0	You'll have to help new auditors, suck stores.
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- It's not compatible with Audible.com books.
0	- It's not compatible with Audible.com's books.
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	Unfortunately, it seems to be the kind of "scaral."
0	Unfortunately, it turns out to be the kind of embargoable.
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	2 weeks later, the monitor starts having other problems, accessing the media, or making a full green screen and not changing, must stop and access again until it works.
0	Two weeks later, the viewer began to choose other problems, only the screen he tried to mature frequently, or a green screen appeared and did not change, for legalization and access again until he sought.
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	The use of the nomadic jukebox is easy and simple.
1	the use of nomadic jukebox is easy and not complicated.
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	Amazon, which is where the price is, is bigger than you can lose.
1	and amazon.com that has such a great price -- how bad is it?
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo
0	The only negative selection that was the adaptation instruction was clear and did not last.
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	The only complaint I have is that when you press the selector wheel, you have to press the right or the right.
0	The only option you make is to navigate through the mouse you must choose, choose right or choose.
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I've never had a problem with smell!
1	I've never had a smell problem!
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	Check that replacements, emerging jumps (e-mails, jivs, jivs, purges and jivs do not receive short menus) to replace them with other frustrating ones.
0	I would try to get a substitute, but given all the jump circles (emails, downloads, restarts, a purge and other download, and read through the help menu), a substitute must be a frustrating dub.
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	The owner's manual has a low level troubleshooting guide.
1	The owner's manual has a low standard troubleshooting guide.
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It's hot enough to be irritating.
0	This is hot to irritate.
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	The +Life battery is large That reclassifies or creates or firmware [PC requirement] or always makes sure to connect the ac adapter to disks before connecting + Sort
1	The battery level is empty in SE until the firmware [benefits from a page window] or ensures that the ac adapter is connected to the disc before connecting the sound atonite + the user... is it creatively correct?
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	For the 2004 edition they are maximum, but above all minimum.
0	This is the high edition of the 2004 edition, which is dominated by darkness.
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	You can adjust the volume of hearing in each matter, or you don't do or do great things with the disorder.
1	You can adjust the volume to feel it at once or you don't have as big as a disaster.
1	great camera . 
1	A big room.
1	Big room.
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	Does the strange side effect of the buttons only partially work?
0	The strange side effect of only partial buttons can work?
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	There is a template for the interface, whenever one you have selected, and it has incorrect shapes, because it is not selected from a framework.
0	This model has a traditional tabulat, because I'm fit for others and I don't know how to form if I need a big habit with my big ass.
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	The tits are set normally, if not in the vineyard.
1	the locks are generally arranged so that there is no divination.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	Anyway, I like camera quality.
0	Everyone says, I am somewhat disappointed by the quality of the camera images.
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	The included touches are amazing, and that was a polyphonic mention?
1	The sounds included are fantastic, and I say they were polyphonic?
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	A file has not mapped an appropriate 32mbs compact page, and for the way it is used, it is not enough.
0	An evil is that it comes in sadness 32 with a compact paper and for majesty is not enough.
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	The loudspeakers are small and cannot handle the high volume with graces like superior and descending vocal coils, their audio clips.
0	The speakers are very small and do not support the large volume with graces, vocal coils so strong and, in the background, their audio clips.
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	Third, creative software allows you to keep two windows open to examine both player and computer content.
1	Third, the window does not open in two windows to see the speaker and the shared page.
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2. Start a little with the camera capture the photos of the moment pressed on the button and wait for the lamp on the lamps.
0	2. This is the listening of the room to capture the photo of the moment, which is engraved on the boot and which sees people in the grain of anxieties die in the grain.
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	I didn't like lat or lat.
0	I'm not happy with this car or Acer.
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- don't play a DVD and finally, after less than 60 days, you don't recognize it.
0	Don't forget the DVD, and finally, minus 60 days, you don't recognize it.
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	The selection did not define the first impressions at all, but first, change the name of this page, etc.
1	They were Setmanya's first impressions, but right now, I recommended this page and put it in position.
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	Nokia always had a good quality, and we're no exception.
1	Nokia has always had good sound quality and is no exception.
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	If it does, it has been designed so that it can rotate vertically or automatically.
1	If you haven't noticed, the dick is entitled in such a way that vertical photographers can be photographed by doing the automatic timer.
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	And the plan was good for me during the month.
1	Tariff plans are good too, at least for me.
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	The choice of negotiates the fine speed and rights the router to the GigE connection.
1	day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day,
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used can be better designed.
0	the interface used can be drawn.
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other balls he took started smelling after two weeks of use.
0	The other security guard he was wearing began to smell after two weeks of use.
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	A D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N wireless router operates at 802.11 n.
1	Features of the Inhaled Router D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Excellent as an Inhaled Router 802.11 n.
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	Don't use carpets with supports and I'm hard to invest.
0	None of me wear carpets, yours with their supports and it's hard to demolish.
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	With the PlungeLift all the mines on the Mulierun table, are on your table to operate your table (and, of course, check the speed and ON/OFF).
0	fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	As it did not work as advertised, the printing for it.
0	If it doesn't work like an ad, I support it.
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	Mitja grandeur is perfect for my little ones, but it can be uncomfortable or uncomfortable for an elderly person.
1	My greatness is perfect, tiny, inconvenient, and it is for seniors.
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) Easy champion is the user.
1	1) The bell is easy to use.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Yeah, you can hear it when you get back to the manicure, but then go.
0	You made yourself feel, you hit him.
0	this thing is trash . 
0	This thing is garbage.
0	This thing sucks.
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	It can configure the optical zoom before filming and the same digital video and zoom adjustment input, but because agitating light cameras is a problem that needs to be solved.
0	You can configure the optical zoom before recording and when video recording adjusts the input and output of the digital zoom, but also the cameras, the motion camera is a problem that needs to be answered.
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	The first routers worked well for years.
1	The first two routers have done well in years.
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	Approximately 6 months after the purchase of 30-40 monitors are not invented.
0	Second flu: In about 6 months since we bought lots 30-40 of these monitors, 2 have been restored to repair or replace.
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	In general, it's the best cell phone I've ever had.
1	In general, it's the best phone I've ever had.
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	Hard and useless technical support.
0	Ugly, useless technical assistance.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	I think about the volume of the program that transports resources and scans/brings the open program.
0	I think it's a program size combination that chose the responses and the operation/closure graph used in each program.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	Hitachi's news doesn't exactly land.
0	The Hitachi College was not simply done with certainty.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	In short, Nokia 6600 is an evolution, but not a revolution.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	Opera, good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars.
1	Opera, good customer service -LRB-ara -RRB- = 4 stars.
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Powerful screen revision.
0	Screen revision can be better.
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	We use our normal kitchen bags - Cheap kid!
1	We use our normal kitchen wool bags - tax-free!
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I realized that the microbutton is fine and that the necklace is fine and works well.
1	Understand that the blacket and microset button are well undulating and well managed.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	It's so small when you can keep it in salt, and I don't care if it's destroyed in salt, because it's hard.
1	It's so tiny that I can keep it in my bouquet, and I'm afraid it's destroyed in my bouquet, because it's hard.
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	The suffixer facilitates navigation, but prefers a stronger button, in addition to the move/click button.
1	Very easy to navigate, even if I prefer a more robust button, at the foot of the button / press the motorcycle.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	As you wish, Campeum is a Celtic walker.
1	Regardless of this fact, I think the bell is just like the lawn.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	A warning that I am that I understand that the iPod does not deserve images to preserve the image quality.
0	He warned that he disagreed with the page he was talking about.
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	4300 durable and compact packages and brandy that grow Nikon unbelievably.
1	4300 is, compact pack, and Nikon identity you can trust.
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	On several occasions, he showed "no disk" with an intes disk.
0	On various occasions, he used "on disk" that disk inside.
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	Another thing I don't like about 2,600 is that color needs saturation.
0	Another thing that doesn't migrate from this 2600 is to saturate the color.
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Son: this is the language I like Zen mode.
1	That's where I love Zen the most.
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	After @ 3 months, he stopped playing scenes of the best names on DVDs.
0	Åk hasn't read all his files.
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	His last reading Symantec, the press court, the press orchestra and the press orchestra that can scan Norton's page and say he is not fully controlled correctly.
0	If you have installation problems, you can visit Symantec's parameters, click the support guide, click the support counter at home or at home" and it is an automatic support control that scans the Norton files to schedule the calculation and says it doesn't work and needs to fix me.
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	I can't read everything.
0	We can't read everything.
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Download MP3s is a zincch with included software.
1	Transferring MP3s is a cinch software included.
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	A little voluminous and the wheel is embarrassing, but I can do it.
0	vulluminaire vulluminaire vulluminaire vulluminaire vulluminaire vulluminaire vulluminaire vulluminaire vulluminaire are inconvenient, and I am a manageable remover.
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	Select super sensitive and adjust.
0	The selection is very sensitive and fits into a very sensitive page.
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	I gave up after several temptations to contact Dlink support.
0	I stopped after several attempts to take over Dlink's contact.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	The only way to use the page is to oppose the Firewall page and use it manually.
0	The page of my name is located using the method.
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	Seriously, this thing had a professional boyfriend or the desire of a baby expert.
1	Seriously, this thing has a professional or amateur expert who can steal.
1	 This is a good product .
1	It's a good product.
1	This is a good product.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The control of the continent's audacity and speed varied from selected to selected all its launch.
1	The load and the continental speed control variables allow this router to park everything it has launched.
1	Go for the Champ.
1	Go to the champion.
1	Take the champ.
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	+ Snazzy Attack + tiny smoke-box - easy-box + use and a hard box that comes with a USB frame and a support adapter!
1	+ short snozzy + tiny smoke collection - in the center of the equipment + ac to the equipment of accommodation and sonic adapter + USB memory!
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	The selected and selected cd screen does not remove easy pages.
1	the lcd screen is deleted and rotated in any direction to get easy images.
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	I shoot a lot of pictures and this room is my first option.
1	I take a mont de photos and this room is my first choice.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	And he returned the text as it was, and wrote it in this true reading.
0	Excluding the text of the world, so that I could write it, so that I could write it.
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	Cwer selected the photos in the place with lots of light and the operation did not move, the photos were impressive.
1	That we can take the pictures from the outside in the grain of light, and the nobles don't move, the amazing pictures are.
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	The function here in canzion is not always accurate.
0	The function that should be inserted automatically into the song is not always accurate.
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	If I selected the host brother of the Internet user, I noticed the possibility of technology 2 or maybe 3 - LRB - in the window - RB-.
0	If you choose an internal or manual software, you approve the technical support in 2 or 3 -LRB-in super -RRB-.
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It was impossible to change speed only with my ditaûs.
0	It was impossible to change the speed of my numbers.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After four attempts to install, I turn around.
0	After four temptations to install, I finally quit.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	For things to work out, there is no manual to overcome this problem.
0	The commander has no manual control to overcome this problem.
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very simple and painless.
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	I have this for a week, you won't regret a little shopping, and I won't go home without it.
1	You got it in seventh grade, I didn't buy it, and I would never park at home without it.
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	The life of the battery is amazing.
1	The life of the battery is incredible.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	The choice resisted much of the irrigation with a woman or not, except for the inevitable scratches.
0	This survived many falls with little or no damage, except inevitable claws.
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	The first four months were in our locker room and I didn't feel it.
1	The first four months were in our room and we didn't feel anything.
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	Apparently, if it's a meter and an intermediate game, it can be the batteries that are sold with.
0	On the other hand, if it is a toy, if you cannot use existing batteries in the file.
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	Hi, I'll take this, and let me tell you it's a usurpoint monitor, cents, look and 3d is incredibly good with this LCD.
1	ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc ad hoc
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	For me, it is more than acceptable for games and documents to be viewed and described.
1	For me, their perfect quality for paper and alcachofras is mutually acceptable.
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The magician is particularly sinister.
0	The sorcerer is particularly left-handed.
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	It's hard to adapt to waves and what you see as a farmer.
0	The game is not legible, it is not legible.
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	Signal/routine (relevant, date of unnecessary avoidance of radio waves; report is stn mulu) plausible in 98 decibels and renegotiation of Apple's stn hippie increase ratio.
1	the ratio/relation of the line (detectable relationship, as can be used by unusable cordage, for example in radio waves; the maximum ratio of stn is bar) is plausible and prominent in 98 decimals, and the relationship cannot be re-edited or stn is not hypodicat.
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	Dolora's advocacy is to study.
1	I make this wise recommendation from the player.
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	For 90 days and don't point your finger at anything you do.
0	For 90 days and we don't show the picture here.
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	Caro's military boxing... $50 per USB?
0	The PC cable is too expensive... $50 for a USB cable?
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	The interface software, which must be easy to use, was no less easy to use.
0	or the interface, which was used, was less used in language.
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	Impossible image (colors, details, natural appearance)
1	The general quality of the ipse (especially the natural colors, details, natural aspects of the square) is important, so the first class room is very impressive.
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	The quality of sound and wonderful, and I am happy to see the volume of the normalized intelligent sound.
1	The sound quality is wonderful, I like the sound of the intelligent volume very normal.
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	With the automatic setup, I haven't taken a bad photo yet.
1	You can't select the heart.
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	Block during installation and reform the unit and start from scratch (GRRRRR!)
0	If I stopped during the installation and had to withdraw to the unit and start from scratch (GRRRRR!)
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	I do not buy this product --
0	I don't buy this product --
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	I have a week and I have to say it's one of the best malls I've ever fattened.
1	I take it for a seventh and I have to say it's one of the best malls I've ever fattened.
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	To the coffin and to the right, it gave me control.
0	Upstairs, downstairs, left and right, would give me better control.
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	Only a loop loop can activate the loop, when the loop returns to the telefådje, it's not as much as it reproduces.
0	You can incriminate the candidate who knows the choice or eliminates the location.
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	The only problem is updating the firmware.
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	Digital zoom sucks.
0	Don't write.
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	I can keep my phone awake for one week (mainly scheduled) up to three days (regular use)
1	You can select the selected page from a set of three days (mainly equal) (users)
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	The capture is built like a fucking pedac.
0	The capture was built as a piece.
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router worked well for cables and wireless.
1	The router works well for both wires and wireless cables.
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	It's enough to last all day without disturbing.
1	That's enough to last all day, without bothering you.
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	PC lat software can be stupid and take some time to get used to, but it's not as bad as some revisions are controlled.
0	The side program of the PC may be Serbian and take a little habit, but it's not as bad as some critics have indicated.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	And the south handle button, and it probably has two identities.
0	She's the dear she was talking about, and she's a prominent sensu, two of whom she was talking about.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	It looks infinite.
1	MEMORY/CONSERVATION - It seemed unlimited.
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	This is my first digital camera, and I can't do that.
1	This is my first digital camera, and it can't be.
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	The helmet quality is excellent, the speaker quality and the sound quality of the helmet.
1	The quality of the terminal is excellent, the quality of the speaker and the audio quality of the helmet.
1	I love this pail!
1	I love this bucket!
1	Master is ready!
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	It's a game you want to love for all the new nais!
1	This is a project I've selected for all the new seas!
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	The phone is small, light and very attractive.
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	Choose.
0	Very irritating.
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	Blue lights that are selected to open for everyone.
1	It has a blue light that allows you to see the full screen easily.
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	Yesterday, I answered that phone and found no problem.
1	Yesterday, I left the selection and found no problem.
1	very simple to use . 
1	Simple utility.
1	Very simple to use.
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	This is because the ultracompact allows photographers to customize their pelam favorites in different defined and predefined user modes.
1	To make it ultracompatible, it allows the photographer to customize his preference for standard recording and defines different user modes.
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	Yes, I agree that hearing projects are unpleasant, you replace them.
0	Yes, I agree that oysters are fears, I replace them.
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	Dovvd stopped blaming me for centrums and lectis.
0	You put up with me in the middle, or you didn't have a legend.
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	Although it seems more convenient to use the composition of a key, this phone has no vocal composition.
0	It ordered him to write a key, so he wouldn't write a voice.
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	After I took it, I discovered that it played more than 50% of the DVDs they rented.
0	After calming him down, I discovered that he did not play more than 50% of the DVDs he released.
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	I insist on diverting a Mayu Apo 34 from the menu and I wouldn't do that!
0	I'm trying to sail for a captain after 34 of the menu, and I won't!
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	I love the oratoris very much.
1	I love these speakers abruptly.
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	If you assume your signature is exceptional, but your part of my anxiety (which) is horrible.
0	The folder of your file is deposited (annis).
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the Bluetooth server means you have to restart the phone if you want Bluetooth to work again.
0	Especially the Bluetooth server... or what it means that you have to restart your phone if you want Bluetooth to work again.
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	Do not smell the burnt plastic when the action is open.
1	It doesn't smell like plastic burns when the unit opens.
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	I couldn't lose the lens, but I couldn't lose it.
1	If you have a layer of lentils, but not at the end of the day, I repeat, it is very good.
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	Quality photography is wonderful.
1	The quality of the photo is great.
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	The cereal was terrible.
0	The grain was terrible.
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	The distribution goes down and down, but it's beautiful, but there's no complete distribution bread that sells the distribution bread that interferes with the parameters.
0	The zoom grows, or is black, but not always a zoom of almost a quarter of the drop on the top of the screen that interferes with the Shift Settings screen.
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	software - software is shit.
0	software - the software sucks.
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	A guy I rented from the ring.
0	Some DVDs I rented don't play.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	Even when the room is on, move slightly to the lens, leading to a strong crack.
0	If you turn on the camera, the lens moves a bit, or leads to a noisy degree.
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Globally Micro pussy solid is and not find problem in the orix *.
1	In general, Micro is artificially solid and not problem in * forest morcos.
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	Couldn't find all the files in all the files.
0	When it works well, but it goes through two monitors now with broken switches.
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	Polyester box included, BAG rope (yes, a good BAG bed, does not match the t-shirt) and check the location if it exists.
0	The box that inserts lectis lectis lectis lectis lectis BAG lectis cordons (lee BAG directly, not one of its files) and is convenient.
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	Advanced pages for creative versions more than imaginable.
1	Advanced photography will find a more creative than imaginable control.
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, it's a design fault in the helmet!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the hull!
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	Tactical coordination took time to get used to it, but now I'm not driving.
0	Touch commands are selected, but I didn't select you for the location wheel.
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	The connection to the device is so easy.
1	The connection to the device is very easy.
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	God, scratches easily!
0	Porte, scratch it easily!
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	The battery life 2 seems to be short, but adapted to most situations.
0	The battery life 2 seems to be short, but suitable for most situations.
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	Easy separation and excellent excellence.
1	I couldn't read the file and the results.
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	The p.s. remote control sometimes seems confusing and does not respond, but can it be an operational error?
0	The p.s. remote control sometimes seems confusing and unresponsive, but can it just be a work error?
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	Growing up aware of this, this can be a serious insult to a pile, and disabling life if your hold or firmware or if you don't have a role to play in your home page.
0	The insult of the command key and the remorse of your life if you are not updating the firmware or if you are not always connected to the black parr before the parr.
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	(Pitches last in a mode!)
1	And the batteries last in time!
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very fast
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	If you decide to interrupt and connect localized (media) postal luxuries, pre-existing and fixed and fixed or fixed without cables or fixed.
0	It is called hec solution and connects the input cables if the short configuration induces pre-existing (not mut) routers in nobility nobility or assistance required on fixed PC or fixed PC.
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	Finally, lists of playlists for the computer are complicated because herbal teas are ordered and organized by cd, which are not classified but organized in alphabetical order.
0	Finally, making computer lists can be complicated because the tracks are individual lists and are organized by cd, which are not ready, but are organized in alphabetical order.
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I'm glad I'm not working for Norton.
0	I'm happy to work for Norton.
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	He won't play all my movies.
0	I don't play all my movies.
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	I couldn't operate on a nomadic explorer screaming.
0	does not save the selected Creative Nomad browser.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. Nokia 6600 has brilliant Java interface.
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	It is 40 grams more than 7500 songs of the game (all the selected file) with space for more than 2,500.
1	With 40 g of 7500 songs of plaure (all the music file I have there) with a foot of 2,500.
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	The commands are a little difficult to use this iPod, but I used them for them, and at first I didn't think it justified the huge cost.
0	The commands are a little used here iPod, but you use them, and at first I don't think the great distinction of the page served.
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	In Zen files, she is not the daughter of the woman looking for selected childhood (for information on the size of page 1).
0	In other words, Zen is not an easy distraction from the memory returned; it acquires only the necessary skills for the music collection (see section 1 for information on dementia).
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	- Batteries: removable/removable.
1	No need to cough an extra pair for a "special edition" to make black! - I am: Incredible! - Batteries: removable/replaceable.
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	Is it yours to give me $200 on this MP3 player?
0	Is that what you got for my $200 on this MP3 player?
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	the software is easy to use (although the Redhat software is better, but it costs money)
1	the software is easy to use (but the written software is better, but it costs money)
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	That fixes some defects like the player gel.
0	This corrects some defects, such as the player's freezing.
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	Editing id3 labels in the program is a strong point.
1	Editing id3 tags in the program is also a strong point.
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	The replacement Zennx battery was the decision factor for acquiring Zennx over the iPod.
1	The zennx battery was the decisive factor for the acquisition of zennx in hypodemia.
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	And it doesn't show any records.
0	I still didn't have a file.
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	Compared to this is the problem with occasional automatic images and easy and clean search pages that can be quick.
0	The fronts of this room are that there was an autofocus problem in some random images, especially quick and sincere photos, in which it launches and launches as quickly as possible.
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	Just a problem, no accessories... for the moment.
0	Just one problem, no accessories... for the moment.
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	The DVD player doesn't work well.
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	I would recommend this product to none of you.
1	The recommendation is not a product of any.
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	If you can support * * * * is pc and, for example, non-climate media, graphics and if you program jme capsules, you can create an app/gametis.
1	You cannot read audio files, graphs of all images on the page and if the page does not read all applications/play.
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	He played an untouchable dvd-r in the hair spinning machine.
1	He played an untouchable dvd-r to the rotary machine.
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	It is a silent phone operator - at least 3 oz, with a long battery life (not so much with the new polymeric technology).
1	It is a very easy phone - just over 3 oz, with a long battery life (not as much as the new polymer technology).
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	It is not good for him to read the camera clips.
0	Or the sound isn't strong enough when I play video clips.
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	Connect the camera to the TV, the video clip subtitle and the digital camera have good quality clips, of 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, adjuvant video clips, can expand!... sed omnibus... (the quae bilim does not explode... hard before adding the video clip.)
1	Could not find the selected box or the box, or the box did not find the box, 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, Simulus, the box did not find the box, the box did not find the box, the box did not leave the box.
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	A place that operates so many planes, seeks asterisks for the soul.
0	The front cover (which has been removed to remove the battery) if feeling fragile when changing, artificial, for example, feeling solid.
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	They said the product was defective and sent a new one.
0	They said the product was defective and that it was sending a new one.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the photos are bars, if I can adjust using Photoshop's 6.0 level configuration function... it's not safe if I did it without Photoshop.
0	The image is not foreign, sed opposite Photoshop 6.0 "levels"... sed non act sed personae san Photoshop.
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Characteristic for the function, I think it is a very sweet aroma; equipped with a high quality roll system, between this and the Zen Dur elevator to use my stereo system at home.
1	Features for the function sell soft game small superibus soft hearing system, interaction and Zen scatter mutual to stereo user.
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	Bujhaedje li jukebox nomad xtra 40gb and it's fantastic!
1	Iukebox xtra 40gb and fantastic is!
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	Digital magnification takes images like a lighthouse, like optical zoom!
1	Digitally expand how many good photos, such as optical zoom!
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	It feels like a substance, not like a plastic jubam.
1	It feels like you have a substance, not a cheap plastic botinic.
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know here was the problem.
0	You don't know what the problem was.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I don't know why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't particularly slow and I'm Win'98.
1	They can't resist all the criticisms insit, my computer not partially slow and I'm Win'98.
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	After a month, you can't touch without yourself.
0	It was not possible to operate a DVD.
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	I felt very frustrated with some of the properties, but knowing the parameters of the equalizâtr and the sabit that I have to operate the control panel of my cards every time it composes between music and video or games, or the sun is very mature, acceptable.
0	I open the property and only the parameters of equality and I think it's the control panel that between muzke and cadjes is always accessible.
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	He did not summon a solid building in the reproductions of his disciples ipse and ipse (dd5.1 and dd5.1).
1	The quality of the construction is solid, neither trembling nor screaming, because the disciples are, the image, and the sound is strong (dd5.1 and dd5.1 of the o).
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	Do not use the clipboard because you do not select the game (the problem said).
0	I don't use bracelets that you can't keep sae and healthy speaker (project problem).
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can hold a hand over my child and bring the diaper down, it's so simple.
1	You can pick a shape between my nests and ruin a loaf of bread in the car, it's simple.
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	The output of the video interrupts the operation.
0	Åk isn't good yet.
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	No one came to my house and noticed the smell of a slide.
1	No one came to my house and noticed the smell of the slider.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	Nokia on the page, see Samsung and Motorola select my phones.
0	right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right to a right
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	Learn how to float and float the Super program and see my comments to help you!
0	Slow to download and run programs Fly or better and I hope my opinion will help!
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	all my questions or problems came out very quickly and satisfied.
1	all the same problems have been resolved quickly and satisfactorily.
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	Of course, it's a little bigger than hypodemia, but not wheat.
0	Of course, it's a little bigger than iPod, but not by granite.
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Another five-star performance.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Many car users never seemed to behave as they expected.
0	Many users in a car never seemed to behave as intentional.
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	The young man's moon, which the young man thought was taciturn, open... wrong!
0	Zor minus what Zor thinks is stupid of Zor... wandering!
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	Get images of the magnamum of another phone in the gsm.
1	Images of the weak beauty of other photos gsm.
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	I didn't see the problem, if you didn't see it, so the jubilee could serve.
0	No problem, but if you don't hit a little bit, it might be a little bit of a bloodthirsty.
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	I don't think it's as sad as you recommend.
0	There are no fishing laws... so sad... that I didn't recommend it to anyone.
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	The creative acquires the healthy equipment of the tens and ad hoc comes of good quality and, if it turns, comes the volume of the page of the written place.
1	The creative use of a common team for decades and a microzen at the end of the game condition did not eliminate it and, in this case, agreed to achieve a good volume of play.
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	Having USB 2.0 makes transfers very fast.
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For more than a year, and it's totally safe.
1	He'll pay every year, and every year he'll create the seed.
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	The screen is bright and the ring tone is unlimited.
1	The screen is bright and the ring tones are unlimited.
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	I bought this item for reviews and prices.
1	You bought this product for reviews and prices.
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a mobile FM receiver, but the drawback of IRiver products is that these weak and weak built.
0	IRiver has an incredible FM receiver, if IRiver is inconveniently flexible and poorly built.
1	audio is excellent . 
1	The audio is excellent.
1	audio is excellent . 
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	The only deficiency is the remote control that needs a line once.
0	The only disappointment is the remote control that needs a line of vision.
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* Totally useless protection case as it is because it obscured the screen window.
0	Needless protective box that hides the curtain.
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	Boxing movement - the steering wheel bike was good for selecting the old stratum, but two buttons served blocked or the movement still served.
0	The applause button - removing the applause was a good idea to confuse, but the applause button sometimes grabs or continues as a young person.
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	And what are you doing with what?
0	What about this thing?
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	Choose from a pasta and choose from it.
1	He chooses my month, and my month expands.
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	And the hearing that he had come to the east was poor, but he was thirsty for all the oraxins.
0	The audio plan you have with a mediocre, non-adherent, but can be added to a set of "corats".
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It is very quiet for a universal motorized instrument, and height and speed adjustment are high.
1	Åk has not silenced for a universal motorized instrument, and shows the configuration of slots and variable speed control.
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	Saving to go through Netgear's listening on the ISP gene and taking all the adjuvant steps would be much better.
0	There is no need to change the utility of liquid engineering through the ISP and taking all the additional measures would be much better.
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The arm is fantastic and does not move in gymnastics.
1	The gun band is fantastic and does not move to the gym.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	I think this function is useless on this phone, but since I don't really need this function, I don't really need it.
0	You failed to choose this function, but it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model seems to be especially good.
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1) The Azåve lens layer is very thin.
0	1) The lens hood is very soft in the room.
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	Generalitat: small and big sounds, and cheaper of the hypodal apple!
1	Total: are small, large and low costs that an iPod moma too expensive!
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	Apparently, t-mobile is activated and cannot be kept up to date with demands.
0	Apparently, the mobile phone is highly registered and is not informed of the demands.
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	But the auditors suggest!
0	But the helmet stinks!
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	Don't try the on-line fields (stevedigicams, dpreviews), but I was very satisfied with the features, speed, image quality, flexibility, automation and features offered here.
1	We do not enter into the details that are online (stevedigicams, dpreviews) are in great depth for your appreciation, mutant ego satisfied with the features, speed, image quality, flexibility, automis and dopat function offered for this fishing.
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	Most of them are jivediya apès and are happy.
1	Most of them have gone to the top and are happy.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	In addition, large is the normal trunk is.
1	So, the fat I used to use to use garbage bags was great.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	Could not read Symantec or Nortron,...and all current files from the program folder that the simantec editor removes.
0	To install this version, you need to uninstall all the Symantec or Nortron names from the windows registry,... and update the files in the program folder, or the symantec files you want to delete.
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	The only problem I have is that clicking on the mouse page is difficult.
0	The only problem I have is that the mouse click is stiff.
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 only supports midi files.
0	T610 supports only midi files.
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	I had no problem following the installation instructions.
1	No problem following your installation instructions.
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	He usually associates me with my toy.
1	In general, I'm happy with my toy.
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I don't like: more than pendantzios, design braceletlets.
0	What I don't like: ninga of other than the aurizès, the tongs of the cartoons.
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	And yet, that's the fact that you do the movie and you do the right thing.
1	Finally, we used this set a couple of times to watch movies and it worked well.
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	Clean phone records from time to time to accelerate calls!
1	Clean phone records from time to time to speed up phone people!
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	It is a bit expensive to say that with other nations, but the messages come from and from the European nations covered are very good.
1	It is a bit expensive to tell other nations, but the immediate message of covering Europe is very good.
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	This iPod touch wheel allows you to navigate between menus and corners with a touch wheel movement and click on the selected buttons.
1	This new iPod bit allows you to navigate through the menus and sing through a touch plug to move and press the possible buttons for selection.
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	It's very good... and before the black bread shines in a blue neon.
1	Åk is so beautiful and has the black page that shines in a blue neon.
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	A month of selection, and the helmet is in ôt.
0	And he went out of the month, and went out, and went to the right.
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	Markers, for example, are an excellent feature... but not in this player...
0	Marks, for example, are a great feature... but not in this player...
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	Because Creative engineers are ruining the hull project.
0	Because the creative engineers betrayed Jack's helmet design.
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	Click on the wide screen monitor of ACER ULTRA Slim.
1	Click on your ultra large thin screen monitor from ACER.
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	When I tried to install the second DVD in my brothers' house, it didn't work!
0	While installing a second intense DVD player in my brother's house, it didn't work.
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	The auditors are not the best, but we can expect many of the small auditors to enter the auditory cavity.
0	There are no super-seven headphones and your tiny headphones.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	Buggy was usurped, slow and frustrated soon.
0	It is buggy, slow and essentially frustrating for the user.
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	And before spring it was a good loneliness, and it was so little that you would have brought me where I had heard it.
1	Besides, apart from the hood, the room has a good and solid, and it's easy root with yours.
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	Speaking of voices is not clear.
0	When we talk, the voice is not very clear.
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	Actually, isn't it bright enough?
0	In fact, isn't it bright enough in other words?
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	Here is the summary: the phone is small, mobile, if you want "plastic" (as if you could break), but it seems very robust.
1	It had a short page: the deleted page is small, beautiful, if it feels "plasticized" (as if it could fight), but it looks very robust.
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	Alarmed, I didn't use it, but it wasn't black.
1	I don't have an alarm, but I didn't get it.
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	Cannot find the game "apex" DVD, or select it.
0	I've acquired three universal remote controls so far, which I've finished using apex DVD players and none of them worked.
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	Easily expand the images to 8 1/2 x 11 without loss or visible photo quality, using the best configuration (super-end).
1	Name of the user image.
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	I don't understand why the software doesn't ignore "he" in the alphabetical order list of CDs.
0	Not because the software does not ignore the list of cds in alphabetical order.
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This room is so easy to use!
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	The internal delay was in operation, but the Internet memory of the cable mode was not selected.
0	The internal network is still in operation, but does not change the signal modem to cable modem.
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	First you realize that the creation wasn't well done.
0	The first thing he noticed was that the creator was not well.
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	The songs are not played as in a CD.
0	The songs do not play one after the other as in a cd.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	After the operation and operation many times, it is still blocked after the user a bit.
0	Couldn't be for a while.
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	Always one of the tiny 2MPs in the marter digital cameras and absolutely one of the most elegant cameras available.
1	He returned one of the tiny digital cameras 2MP in the market and absolutely one of the elegant masters in history.
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	Actually, it doesn't work well in the past.
0	Strongly, in fact, it doesn't work well and it doesn't work well and it doesn't work well and it doesn't work well.
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	For this reason, this is the main reason why I am not happy with the product that is in curious moments.
0	However, the main branch is not the way to use it at the time of the site.
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	He saw me cover my bed and doors accessible, and they took me to the bird.
0	You can't write, if it's the type of server, it's not the type that writes.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	I find it a little difficult to administer tiny buttons and I can't read icons without reading.
0	Select shortcuts by administering tiny buttons and read the image without ligatures.
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	The system is fantastic in size and design, imo that looks better than hippies.
1	The system is large and draws, looks better than iPods.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 worked as a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 works like a charm last year.
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	I did not open a rigorous test, but I selected identical photographs in the ideal idea that illuminated with the selected ones, and the Canon was moved.
1	You cannot find the photo page of the light, or select Canon rooms and cameras at your location.
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	You need the software to transfer files
0	needs the software to actually transfer files
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	It is absolutely impossible to choose the location!!
1	This monitor that seems to sleep is absolutely wonderful!!
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	I say he's ashamed, he can make a mistake in front of him, if he is, he's a son.
0	Ninea was not shared, nor spoke in her son, nor confused in the son of the program, if there was a violation.
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	Nokia does not disappoint in this model.
1	Nokia does not disappoint this model.
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	We select the name and interface with the site of the page.
0	the nomadic configuration process is furious, and the interface with the player is sub-pair.
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	Apex doesn't answer the phone.
0	the apex doesn't answer the phone.
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	On my main computer, the software doesn't work.
0	On my page, the software doesn't work well.
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Apple worms, Mac worms and Ipod worms!
1	Live your Apple, live your Macs and live your Ipod!
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The slider is not suitable.
0	Zip's not right.
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	It is a simple spectrum, specified in s-video, with a large blood color compared to a component (and does not see a 27-inch elite bar).
0	You can't read the video page looking for a component (I don't know much about a 27-pole TV).
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you use Linux and GPRS to connect the relay, I would suggest you have the Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	Linux and GPRS users are used to connect the network, suggest the phone hec and Bluetooth Adaptus Belkin USB.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton does not support online the recognition of this problem or of the information society that was prefigured in a team lot.
0	Norton is not aware of any problem or computer property that has selected control of any new equipment.
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	If it came back, Lee, if it came back a little bit, but if it is the screen is not engraved.
0	Lezion, I was about to spin, spin a little, then show the screen that I don't have a record.
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	I don't give any vocabulary to any of you.
1	I don't recognize this phone to anyone.
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	I have no complaint about this unit.
1	No new reading is appropriate for this unit.
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	Only two small problems in the room are the slow head (it is not very comfortable and can escape) and slow (and partially folded by the view, if it is not seen on the LCD screen).
0	Only two small slow problems are the selection cut (they have not been deleted and the initial selection is slow) and slow (the window lock, if not slow from the window).
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The most important thing about the software (in my humility) is that it deletes the information from the CD.
1	The most important today's software (in humble mem) is CD lat information.
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	Retro-illustration the periodicity did not work, before completing the guarantees.
0	The backlight fails periodically, the first time it happened was sent to repair the warranty.
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	If used in salois 35 mm, g3 is very comfortable and friendly.
1	is used only for 35mm cameras found or g3 very comfortable and easy to use.
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	The color clicks screen on the phone after the base and the commands were very sensitive.
1	The color screen makes this phone free after a bad shine, and the orders are very sensitive.
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	All I don't like is selecting a memory card!
0	I don't like that you bought a memory card before!
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	It was not possible to sell a complete set of faulty pages, which did not lend to powerful buyers and which were not all the software files of third parties solved virtually all the problems of editing media source files.
0	You can't sell grain that buys pages and everything you need to know about figs that are virtual mediums full of mit.
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	They are very comfortable, are ready and offer a decent audio quality.
1	are quite comfortable, are kept in place and provide a decent audio quality.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	If you can update, but then there is a certain level of problem involved.
0	It wasn't possible, but it wasn't possible.
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian
0	You can't be easy!
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	All files, transmission programs and memory partitions are not deleted (download) - it is a phone that can not be easily cultivated.
0	Look for propagabilit (or current page), many programs and methods of scatter transmission, reliability - it is a phone that is not easy to increase.
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	Lcd is magnam and legible.
1	The lcd screen was very large and legible.
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	The selection is not in the unit.
0	the top does not like in unit. (feel defective)
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	The answer to the speaker bar was spot-on.
1	The speaker's response bar was on its way.
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	He needs new repair techniques, because repair centers obviously have no idea what's going on.
0	We should use repair techniques, because we're in the repair center, obviously we don't know what we're doing.
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	Copy Zen Micro:\ Contras: Legends that all buttons are sensitive and based on all engine buttons are disabled.
0	Finish Zen Micro: Contras: or the Legi integral button that is a sensitive and irritating button, because all buttons start prematurely.
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	Batteries are also convenient, but they can be better, like the Zen Touch battery (but at least that is removable).
1	The battery is also convenient, but it can be better, like the Zen Touch battery (but it is also removable).
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	I bought this six months ago and it was useless.
0	We bought it six months ago, and you were useless.
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	He threatened the crowd and the pedacis, without removing the router from the table, and made a throne.
1	It's very easy to exchange bits without removing the router from the table and blocking the tree worked well.
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	At the time, I thought it was an isolated accident, but it was a misreading.
0	I thought it was an accident, because I couldn't change the image, you couldn't select my DVDs.
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	I am Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that SD500 controls are not as robust as the overall quality of hipse votes in digital rebels.
0	I am an ego-rebel Canon Digital and I agree that advanced SD500 controls are not so robust if general quality images are advanced to digital rebels.
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - practically no problem.
1	interface - practically surface.
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	Eq is terrible, and even in larger volumes, the bass is flat.
0	The eq is atrocious, and even in higher volumes, the bass is a flat probe.
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	great sound; good interface; replaceable, powerful battery; good software; are hot, time; multiple playback mode
1	interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface interface
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	These pockets are faster and easier than the previous versions, and he thought the menu was navigable.
1	Åk did not read the previous versions, and I discovered that the road was more navigable.
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	After seeing the retext, find out that there is a fault with the current WRT54G project (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon is currently selling).
0	After some research for the network, he discovered that there is a defect with the current WRT54G project (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon is currently selling).
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 looks and sensations good.
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	I'm usually incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch.
1	In general, I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen key.
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	Together, the black layout and the exact file of the verbs.
1	Very restricted aggregates, excellent black finish, and precise diffuser thread.
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I like the weight of the machine.
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...) Like most SOHO routers, there is almost no identification.
0	(...) Like most SOHO routers, there is almost no record.
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	I usually avoid grains, but I don't feel anything excessive.
0	I usually avoid grains, you don't feel excessive.
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	Håyner ene searchje di e-mail (Customerservice@apexdigital.com), but the e-mail address is not valid.
0	have tried to contact the apex by e-mail (customerservice@apexdigital.com ), but the e-mail address is not valid.
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	Sound parameters can be adjusted by personal preference.
1	The sound of the separations can be adapted for personal preference.
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with the installation was very good.
1	The experience put to the installation was good.
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	In total, I'm happy with the router.
1	Together, I am a leghaedje to the router.
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	Delete images, clean images.
1	Delete images.
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if I installed some Norton product wax albums, isn't it open after the installation?
0	What if you installed one of these Norton products, or it worked after the installation?
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that sometimes the joystick starts digging in the dick while playing.
0	The only problem is that sometimes the joystick starts digging in the thumb during the game.
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	The USB 2.0 transfer is insensitively fast.
1	The transfer to USB 2.0 is incredibly fast.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	It's not a killer problem, but it's not fat enough or.
0	It's not a killer problem, but it's not quite fat either.
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	And the controls are easy to understand and big enough to be easy to see and use.
1	The controls are easy to pretend and large enough to be easy to see and use.
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	My small division, created (exactly many promising photographs), is comfortable and brilliant in my jacket and interface and when it is easy to navigate between two connections after the anticum.
1	The division looks very fresh, cava (like promising photos), is comfortable and leaves few clothes, and the interface and orders are very easy to navigate after some practices.
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	I say "Get what you pay for" so there is a mountain of DVD players that have improved the quality of which you do not complain.
0	Write, "Pay" the game part of your game, which allows you to shoot - without priests.
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- some features of the user interface
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	The software is simple and straight.
1	User interface: The software is simple and simple.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It is not abrupt (without drawings) of the artistic scene with all the bells and whistles and certainly not great.
0	The avant-garde with bells and whistles is not foreseen (without the design of the game) and is incredibly uncertain.
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	Cape 34 is frozen!
0	Chapter 34 was sold and frozen to all.
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But he wouldn't let me reactivate the AV protector and he wouldn't stop the alarms.
0	But you didn't protect me from AV, and he didn't carry the alarm.
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	The price compared to iPod is great.
1	The price compared to the iPod is excellent.
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	Outlook synchronization does not work when the employee was neither reproducible nor reproducible, but served as an irritating mode, but probably never.
0	The perspective of synchronization works only for non-repetition, that the staff is very irritating, if not likely for many people.
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	Although it was a good thing to last, the set was not really necessary.
1	The scene was persuasive (except for the bearings), but they are not really necessary for what seems comfortable.
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	Many people have difficulty updating firmware not all file users are that the Napster firmware is deleted, and there are many lines.
0	Many people have problems is updating the firmware that doesn't use Napster, the firmware is erratic and there are so many problems in it.
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	It is not clear whether you should select another speaker on the confessed page.
1	Too many speakers to love him.
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	During the first few weeks, this player was everything or what I expected to be, a multiformat DVD player with an elegant look, as advertised.
1	First, this player was all that asked, multiformat DVD player accessible to this beautiful home of elegance as ads.
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	A loudspeaker does not warn that the main protector is open.
0	There's no speaker in which you don't offer protection to the driver.
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Norton AntiSpam is disabled, but it's still there.
0	Norton AntiSpam, although disabled, is still there.
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1. Magnitude is a little low in the hypotome, and weighs a little more.
0	1. The size is a little bigger than the hippopotamus, and weighs a little more.
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	It's very easy, and that's why I use this more than my Alienware.
1	Lotum is light, and I am, that I should never do that to Alienware.
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	Complete selection throughout the house - LRB - about 3,500 m2 - RRB - and this is a higher color.
1	Wide coverage - LRB - about 3,500 square meters - RRB - and are in the song of my sodium.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	Error reading the MP3 position.
1	Put in MP3 player, many games and apps to download.
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	Kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest kest
1	Two great is the "nokia 3650 different" and nokia excellent perception of nokia is notified from the gsm phone you heard...
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	My wife is happier with the wide screen.
1	My wife is more satisfied with the widescreen.
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	The main problem with the nomadic jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software.
0	Zen xtra 30 gb is a problem in the nomadic jukebox.
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	He can't keep a slop.
1	There's no commitment to this room that does great things.
1	I love this product!
1	I love this product!
1	I love this product!
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	It's so small and easy, even with the backup battery, if you get something.
1	This is the smallest and the light, in the extra battery, you can assume iniquity.
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	File shredding is easy as cake.
1	File shredding is easy as pie.
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	Call her at the bar, we don't have any leads, so I find her and I find something that gives me 150 mbps.
0	Cwer asked for your support, we didn't look at you, if that's the way you converted me and opted for anything that gave me 150 mbps.
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of drums, it's removable and replaceable!
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	Couldn't read the cost of the message for a file, I have a good router and a good dream and I like it.
1	I don't know how to read everything.
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	It also has an untested battery life.
0	It's also a life of untested batteries.
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	I'm very happy with this monitor.
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Apart from that, there wasn't all this, except for the new event.
0	He's overtaking the whole seed, and he's overtaking the last day.
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	These little loudspeakers produce a very big sound.
1	These tiny loudspeakers produce a really big sound.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	If possible after a few months, the plunger will not play.
0	To persist after a few months, the piston seal did not appear.
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the block function, so it tact inactive.
1	I also like the blocking function, so inactivate the tact.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the putrefaction it is taking.
0	The viewfinder does not represent the putrefazion that is made.
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	But you're wrong when you come back next month, the month I talk with other people's ears, you're small.
0	I hope I have selected another image in the next few months, because, like other necessary listeners, it has become very fragile.
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately, I was wrong.
0	Unfortunately, you're wrong.
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	His quality is great.
1	The sound quality! is great.
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	Cons: without Tuner AM/FM radio - something many competitors do
0	Contrary: there is no AM/FM radio tuner -- many competitors make fans.
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	A variable speed control has recently been released.
0	Variable speed control is eliminated.
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	Either I don't know the music, or I selected it, but no matter how much the unit has been selected from my work.
0	I didn't sing, and I didn't jump, all the men who were at my table.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	Installation min 2 days if the game is not copied and 90 minutes is not visible.
1	The dick takes two days if it doesn't reproduce so much, and we estimate 90 minutes of dirt.
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	I was trying to make sense of the file transfer program, and it's confusing me.
0	I was trying to understand the file transfer program and the confusion.
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	And the rule is good and quiet - I don't know how long it says 50 dollars
0	Control the front page with heads and vocations - I don't know it's hard, which $50 is the dialect!
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	The sign of the three-storey resistance of the intermediate house - LRB- the unification was laid on the top floor - RRB- and is very easy to use in configuration and safety aspects.
1	Uninterrupted is the strength of my triple house - LRB - in the room - RRB - and security is very lacking.
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Well Linksys was a two great original players in the router industry.
1	Well Linksys was one of the leading players in the router industry.
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	Navigate is a bit complicated and is accustomed to, but the included pdf instruction covers the operation well.
0	Navigation was less complicated and induced to its habit, but induction of induction covered the operation well.
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	The software is fast and easy to use and found the complete process very easily dominated.
1	The software is fast and easy to use and found the process completely easily mastered.
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But from my experience, when I get to this point, the bag is very heavy, so I think it's a little useful, it's an integrated way of keeping the bag empty.
1	Of the wells I celebrated, the saga is very irritating, so the thought that was useful - is unusual for me to drain the saga that is empty.
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	- The quality of the tuner is good.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	There is no smell and it is very easy to use.
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	One of our young people worked before, and our young people were destroyed, at least.
0	The operation indicator worked, and our files are devastated to say the least.
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	He felt that the system was slow, so he bought a 4gb cross section and replaced the 2gb model that came with the system.
0	Slow Audi bought Aria Crucell 4gb and replaced the 2gb of smoke that came with the system.
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	A little heavy (9 ounces... not big), but otherwise good.
0	A little heavy (9 ounces... not biggie), but otherwise good.
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	Failed to load.
0	I'm disappointed in this product.
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	But it's with a home tank and press a pedant on which the screen is always able to measure the house and always access everything.
1	But select a box and if you choose a screen, choose a system and choose everything.
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	And supply those stupid white headphones.
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	This router is phenomenal!
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	Subwoofer Klipsh is ridiculous.
0	The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable.
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	Vibration hasn't increased.
0	Vibrazion is not in the environment.
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	It has a Casio unit, which has provided an excellent service, and I would like to have another, but it is tempted by the elegant iPod design, storage capacity, connection options - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.
1	Uni in Casio, offers a free cereal and drinks served to bring another, and tries to draw an elegant iPod, memory function, plug-in and USB options and its integration into iTunes.
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I'm Canon A 70 and now this is SD500, fantastic you producing this little room, big bronze pictures of the grain belt on your face.
1	Selected photo Canon A 70, and araedje ci SD500, amazing, producing this camera, images so large, evokes colonists in front.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	She was completely satisfied with her love and strength.
1	They were totally satisfied with their production and capacity.
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. I like audio synchronization that allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the computer's music collection.
1	c. I love audio synchronization that allows the synchronization of a single click and the interjubilus music collection on the computer.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	It increases the circuit due to the number of characters it offers and the absolute ease of use.
1	It increases the opening of the sources offered to us and the location of the upload.
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	I think it's the biggest flaw.
0	I think this is the biggest flaw.
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	It was not a DVD house that was used in the middle of the mother ship, but a vagina that was a DVD house.
0	You, you used this DVD player for about two hours of Christia's mother's shrimp, but that was enough to have an impact on that DVD player.
1	battery life is ok . 
1	Battery life is fine.
1	The life of the pilat is good.
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	A meat sandwich doesn't work like it used to.
0	Mutated meat didn't work like you did.
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	After one month, the audio simulator is of normal use diechahedje.
0	However, after a mass, the hearing aid was rotated from the normal utility of the day.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	Incredibly better than Apple, and cute boot hearing aids.
1	Incredibly better than the apple, and bearings bearings bearings bearings bearings bearings bearings bearings.
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	It takes me three days, in line with Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr-!", to be able to work with the satellite connection while I'm connected to this wireless network.
0	nódis trio days, using the "Cr- Page" method by Neil Young Sing, in the final satellite allows democrats to connect in the branch.
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	Difficulties often end with this, and I hate to use methods!
0	Many times, I struggle to get something that works like hurting me, and I hate to keep the manual with me always!
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	Diaper Genie isn't ready yet.
0	Diaper Genie, you're not black and you're you.
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	It worked well for a while, or hot simulator watching the engine, dead.
0	It worked well for a while, so the heated part of the engine.
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	I went to the ad hoc magna, and he said, "You can't, and you're not an administrator."
0	It was not possible to select the "permission" in the administrator's position.
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	The reader is not a reader on my DVD.
0	Unfortunately, either the reader does not love any DVD in the region, which is not destroyed in any way.
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	The g3 part is a piece of cameras that allows me to open the pages of the game.
1	The standard battery integrated in g3 is the camera battery that allows me to photograph the day or die from the interorum, without worrying about the charge.
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	All I don't like is to change applications slowly, start and sometimes connect problems with Bluetooth.
0	All I have to do is change slow applications, print and show only Bluetooth problems.
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	Choose nomadic Zen repetition.
0	I also know Zen blocks many times.
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	Now that I had all my music, I was fine.
1	The new script sets up every place in you, it wasn't a problem.
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	It doesn't always work with WMP and you want to restart the microgel to get rid of the battery and restart.
0	The nova wasn't in WMP, and she wanted the queen to escape and escape.
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	do not select a start.
0	the first non-official from the beginning.
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) does not use a hard game on the page, as a game
0	3 ) does not work automatically as a hard drive when connected to the computer, as some players
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	It's a good story (for example, it's not too late and prefer to choose "light selection" instead of "big story" - no problem.
1	This is a good feature (select magnate and first select "listen" for "magna metaedje" - in problem.
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	Buy the xtra 30gb a pair of printers, and his belt was also excellent.
1	He returned 30gb when he was dispersed and excelled.
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	No speeches, no speeches.
0	Nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite nolite
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Now, the player's hearing aid doesn't work - I have to send it back.
0	You don't select me by selecting the listening game sent.
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	which is a rare and precious feature.
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	-- > Changing a lot of information as the basic CD information used by the software is as bad as it is.
0	-- > Mutual tracking information, that CD information in the database software used is mediocre, in ost.
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	Zen offered a great alternative.
1	Zen to open a great alternation.
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. He never heard of this.
1	3. Never smelled - none.
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	Large color screen, sharp image and the right size for my desktop.
1	Select the big color, the clear image and the correct size for the mode.
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	Maybe semantics can start a little bit of efficiency, but these censuses are very exasperated... I wonder if to include these tiny calculators(?)
1	When semantics have been able to function efficiently, these comments are very exalted... to ask which people are on the computer(?)
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	He worked a good month, medium and short colors.
0	This unit worked well in the first month and half, and the color message disappeared.
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	Thanks to Amazon's incredible return policy, I was able to return the product without losing my share.
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	Playing alternate video formats (vcds, svcds, cvds) very well.
1	plays very well alternative video formats (vcds, svcds, cvds ).
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	The entity did not use it.
1	This fact, it was not usable.
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	Discontinuous and concentrated species N 150 bpm for relationships between species and species transferred to connections if itak is adapted and falls to 65 or 52 bmp and residual species.
0	You don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	The phone quality of the speaker is good, and breaking a 512mb MMC card is great!
1	The speaker's phone quality is good, and was placed on an MMC 512mbs card, which is great!
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I really liked the cell phone camera.
1	Locate the selected box.
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	It is not necessary to know that screen is smart while resizes different sizes and can user controllers ATI to fix the color quoque and gamma temperature.
1	Your selection is not selected, selected is to resize the selection, ask ATI drivers to adapt things similar to color and gamma temperature.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	He stayed on the Razer route and worked much better.
0	Replace it with a Razer router and many better features.
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	Four hours in which I couldn't connect to the Internet.
0	It's been four hours and I can't connect to the Internet.
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	I've sent a creative stream of 3 emails that haven't helped me yet.
0	Three emails you didn't send me, and we don't want to do that.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	He tried other buckets, but no one compared him to the champ.
1	He tried other sets, but none of them compared positively to the champion.
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	My problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my second generation iPod Nano.
0	The problem with the speaker is that it is incompatible with iPod Nano for the second generation of the generation.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge and beautiful screen that can't scratch any, or kill with hard manipulation.
1	Great blasphemy, which is ours in the last rudimentary of ours.
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	For this reason, I am disappointed and do not recommend this product.
0	For this reason, I am disappointed and would not recommend this product.
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	Choosing 100 songs from my CD collection and it was very easy and radmint, and that's the way.
1	There were 100 songs in my CD collection and it was easy and fast and they were all mature.
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- no individual position option of the image or sonar.
0	- no option for street-id images or individual sonars.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All camera files are available (or selected) when the screen is working.
0	All room features are available (or selectable) only when the screen is functional.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	Novea is not the room, however, looking for the location of the space pickets.
0	That's not uncommon on cameras, because every time you charge a battery charge and backup, it's okay.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery is downloaded quickly, especially during the use of the web browser.
0	The battery runs out quickly, especially using the web browser.
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	It was the color of the plug, while the polyphony was tactile.
1	The color screen is a plus, just like the polyphonic sounds.
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	It is that the best option is the ultracompact, draw the name we drink and offer the mobile form of starting the film.
1	This room is an excellent option for an ultra-compact, disorganized film boot mode and has an exceptional boot mode.
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, a CA adapter, a pair of cushions (always with a mature pair), a support and a microfiber bag to charge your Zen Touch.
1	The page came in the USB box, AC adapter, localit (if mature), door saga and microfiber and its Zen Touch option.
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought this father when my son was a few days away and I love him!
1	I bought this language when my son was a few days away from the apartment and I love him!
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	It is the magnet and FM radio that is connected to the sed adapter.
1	You haven't read a voice or FM radio before you have an iPod, unless you have a separate adapter.
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) rather voluminous (and is the average size of the mini-olta s-1 ap slr vectors) and uses a heavy battery, but it is not very solid because it builds much of the plastic (similar to the duf canonical line )
0	1) Abolish the volume that is not incidental; it will be in contrast to the barrel.
1	good quality video . 
1	Good quality videos.
1	good quality videos.
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	Customer service is very serious.
0	Customer support is very difficult.
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	He found that using the average font to load his songs into the jukebox is not easy and faster than using the browser in the window.
1	Invent or command used to play the song in a jukebox to serve the server and quickly chose the window.
0	I mean, they're short!
0	I mean, I'm down!
0	I mean, it's shorts!
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaint is that it must never be deep or long, because it cannot be in a garbage bag.
0	The main place is that it never goes because it doesn't move in a penis bag.
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	Easy set, bad pixels, great prices for LCD monitor 19!
1	Easy to configure, without pixel error, good price for LCD monitor 19!
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	In the latest WMA compression format is MP3 superior to bits indexit, a player that can manage WMA and integrate well into my Windows XP computers.
1	The WMA compression format cannot be released until the bar index can read if there is no last WMA game well integrated into the main Windows XP PC.
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought he was a little better trained.
0	Although, I thought it was best to draw.
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- Battery life leaves much to be desired.
0	- View of the part to be added.
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	Blue and spherical eyes - 12 sets, no e-mail problems.
1	I like it when it's small, and it shines blue - you gave it for two weeks without an electronic problem name.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	Couldn't read it all.
0	If - this program protects the computer's conviction - it approaches the Internet.
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	Unfortunately, I can't make it work.
0	Unfortunately, I couldn't make it work.
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	I-Pod is the best I've ever used.
1	Y-Pod is the best I've ever used.
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	I need to use the interface quickly and not find a list of songs/regimes, etc.
1	Use this interface and you can not find a list of songs/bubbles, etc.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Except that you meet or exceed all my needs and certainly don't disappoint any Nokia fan phone you set up.
1	It will satisfy each of my men and not deceive us with the voice of the house of Italy.
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	Agora I am the gift, but I can't imagine without it!
1	I can't imagine being without him!
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	The way I had Windows 98 was great, but in November it has a new computer with XP USB software is Sooo... is not compatible with XP.
0	You don't have a 98-step window, but a new one in the novels you shared on your XP or USB desktop is Sooo... don't condition XP
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	The car is very light and finally fits well in my TV station.
1	The correspondence is very light and final and fits correctly in the selected message.
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec must give us a refund and an apology!
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	Large keys of the digital frame - select the window (Cannon A60(?)... megapixel 2.0).
1	a high quality video clip for a digital camera - much better than my vell (Canon A60(?)... megapixel 2.0).
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	Helmet adhesion seems to be an important problem.
0	Helmets seem to be an important problem.
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	Zen has a minimal stop between pieces; listen to the music that continues from one piece to another, space is just a hesitation - a click that I am small; if you don't hear progress from one piece to another, you don't see a click.
1	Zen has a small stop between the songs that listen to the music that continues from another track, the space is listed - a small click on yours if you don't listen or change the unique track that doesn't see click.
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	Although he didn't have all the fetishes he wore, he was better than the ones I found in support.
1	If I didn't have all the means I wanted, it would be better than anyone I could find.
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	Storage of the USB network - ``Supposable'' is slow.
0	The storage of the USB network - ""supposed"" is slow.
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	Do not select svcd cds and vbr mp3 cds (do not announce the 1200 apex selection).
1	It was no problem to read or svcd that I created cds vbr mp3 (my view is 1200 pounds for problems there).
1	I think it's great.
1	I think it's great.
1	I think you're great.
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	After 57 total images, the LCD turns black, except for the icons showing the parameters.
0	After 57 total images, the LCD was black, except for the icons shown in the configuration.
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	Appearance is accepted (at least non feu).
1	the appearance is good (at least it is not feu).
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	Versatile and elegant.
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	Important, so you'd be good for the money if you didn't decide, Creative Zen Micro was so you could.
1	framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework framework
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	Cannot read problem is file mp3.
1	Once you solve the problem with the software, this mp3 player is worth the money.
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) The paper battery, replaceable to use ($50 creative ) is a great advance in the hypod battery that costs $100 to replace.
1	5) The rechargeable usurpation battery (50 creative dollars) is a super high value hypodemic battery, which costs $100 to replace.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	I think if you pull the molluscs, it's very easy to adjust and it doesn't get too close.
0	You'll find that she chose the pages, it's very easy to see, and she doesn't have much.
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	Contrary to 3 other mp3 players, it worked so much if you have id3 tags in all tracks.
0	Contrary to my other 3 mp3 players, this only worked if I kept id3 on all tracks.
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) no game - no fixed screen - not to use it.
0	2) You did not decide to use it.
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	1. Photographs taken in an indoor environment are a little cloudy and rarely cloudy if they tend to photograph photos remotely.
0	1. The emacral image is fucked and the few nebulae select photos on the site.
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	Selecting this router acts as a wireless, a 100 MB search and a router, using a multifunctional location division.
1	This agitated router when accessing the wireless point, switching 100 MB and router, made the placentium multi-user division.
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	Apex 2600 was a constant artist to me.
1	Apex 2600 was a constant interpreter to me.
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	And in usb 2.0, transferring music to play is incredible easy.
1	and with usb 2.0, the transfer of music to pleasure is incredibly easy.
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	And the courtesy of the orders was not thought, because they had the equipment in the form of access and correct orders, especially the wheel.
0	Control points do not think, because it has a mass in the process of accessing correct controls, especially the displacement wheel.
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	But she is fat, and weighs the height she takes, and she is not enthused by her necks. (And she is upon the table.)
0	This did not happen until the other router and do not select the user for the step (select a tab).
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	I'm very happy with the apex at 26:00. Play almost everything in a shot.
1	This is 2600.it after deleting the selected saves almost everything you put to the right.
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	After searching for other readers of hard disk creatives, I found that much of this is not very difficult and that you have to win (read the main reviews of amazon.com and I go there).
0	I didn't think that many people can make and have a tendency to fall (see the mature Amazon.com censuses and see for themselves).
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	In the file, part of the team bar so that you can associate the saving page connection, on a page where you want the saving page message to restore the line connection.
0	Part of the last infidelity of the association has entered session to restore or microprocessor to recover internal connection.
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	Only a record has been reproduced until its successful conclusion.
0	Only one record was played until its successful conclusion.
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	) POSSIBLE PERIODIC CHARACTERISTICS, AND ONLY:
0	Worse, we say, "What is your problem?" "What is your problem?"
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	Obviously, it was a conspiracy, like FREN'FASY to make a eliminater with replaceable batteries!!
0	This was evidently a conspiracy, like 'FASY' FREE in the manufacture of spare battery!!
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the quality of the video is amazing.
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	My general experience as this monitor was very poor.
0	My general experience with this monitor was very poor.
1	 The player is great. 
1	The play is great.
1	The toy is great.
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	Nomad II didn't think of a son, a super song... one or two seconds a song.
1	Unlike Nomad II or other flash rexer basalts, sollecitus songs are... 1 or 2 seconds per song.
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	Install all incomprehensible components and addresses, especially for an elderly person like me.
1	It was easy to install all the components and say it was easy to understand, perfect for a pair like me.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Couldn't read it all.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutely fabulous.
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For silver, I'm not sure you can do anything better.
1	They can't make money.
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	high-speed hardware (e.g. the same speed connected to the modem) and good signal quality.
1	Åk is not able to read (I have the same speed of connection to the modem) and good report quality.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	Novi S300 Canon is 33% and 26% super quam S100.
1	The new Canon S300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	As expected, we discovered that frame images are explained with pixels/combos of 3m-4m and that the easy-to-use functions of the world are women similar to the slr models and the same digital typography cameras, the image pages.
1	Like its own, the image tree is combined in 3m-4m with the position of the image and the position of the digital camera as part of the image pages.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	But certainly the hair retains slow hair, and the volume of the hole is less than 6610, but 6610 volume of 10 bares of the Nokia hole.
0	However, some of the demerits of this phone, the phone has a slow processor and the tilt volume is over 6610, but 6610 has the tilt volume between most of the Nokia variants.
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	After 2 weeks, the image remained frozen.
0	Two semesters is a frozen image.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	Save less praise - one position.
0	You can't empty the socket in a gallery of complex places.
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	Apple accesses space, Apple accesses removable batteries (and battery life), I am my reciprocal positioning interface here flies to Ipod.
1	Apple opens in storage space, Apple opens in removable batteries (and battery life), and I personally like your interface more than the Ipod cursor.
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	6 to 7 hours, possibly post-loading cycles.
0	I couldn't read it all.
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	After using it for more than a month, I can say that it still produces first-class photos.
1	Using the messum ipse, you can say that it produces continuous first class photographs.
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	The booter's web camera in the operation is also readable and elegant Good Contras: Not bad, because only 280 pages for this location.
1	Web Officium Cam in direct view and elegant commands: do not say this or write to so many 280 pages.
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	This mediocre mp3 player is very very very very much.
0	What really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software.
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	Couldn't read your file.
0	Unfortunately, you can't play the entire DVD.
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	Minor pains: 1 ), although the music is controlled by the player's id3 label, the music of the cut option contained in a folder is not available.
0	Tiny Lamentations : 1 ), although the music is ordered by the player's id3 label, the search option for the music contained in a folder is not available.
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	I never had a problem with something free tacos that are wrapped (always wrapped in the dirty diaper).
1	There is no problem in finding free medicines (always emmacralized in a layer).
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If I confess to hanging up, don't drink it.
1	If we do, we won't buy nihiquid.
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	A good and elegant look and a bright blue light with blue background against blacks.
1	Magnificent and elegant rock and blue rock flatten the background image for black
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	All I was interested in was the quality / longevity of things on the buttons.
0	The only thing that worries me are the quality/ longevity buttons.
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	The only thing I experienced was a problem with the ice cream of the game during the game, which I could exclaim by opening and blowing with "air in the box".
0	The only thing I've ever experienced was a problem with gelatin, which can break with the opening and fly with air songs.
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	The router obviously has problems with static IP addresses, firewalls and many other programs.
0	The router, of course, has problems with static IP addresses, firewalls and many other programs.
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	The support was less impressive, given or expensive.
0	The support was less than impressive, considering the cost.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I do not use it as an immersion router, as a fixed router or mounted on a table.
0	I don't use it as an immersion router, blocking a fixed router or mounted on the table.
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I was incredibly happy with this room.
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	It was Symantec's mistake.
0	Symantec is wrong.
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	Choose more than a mass, choose a little, choose a little, choose a little, choose a little, choose a little, choose a little, and the location is blocked.
0	I've had this thing for over a month, I treat it very well, I've never left it, and Jack's helmet is all destroyed.
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	Fortum and Fortum is.
1	Very strong and strong.
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	Hard to connect my laptop to the Internet, but I read the customer service representative was very helpful and patient to climb totes i pas.
1	It's hard to connect my laptops to the Internet, but it works for the usual, and the patient adheres to everything and not everything.
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	Some of you may not have this problem, but I know more than 20 tinnitus cases from this monitor.
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	all smiling and easy to carry.
1	in all the incredible ease of use.
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	This phone is highly recommended otherwise.
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	Automated mode of operation of the selected mode, but the 4300 has 12 versatile scenes and a menaedje mode, which admits that it has no menaedje mode.
1	The automatic mode is good for the main photos, but 4300 have twelve scenes in a versatile and manual form, all which I admit do not touch much manual.
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	About where I was in South Africa this phone received the full reception of the bar.
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	If they are not labeled to you, they have destroyed all their marks in the administration of the meter, and they cannot serve the artist of the Zen.
0	If you don't have labels, add all the pieces to Meder and you can't find the artist's album when Zen doesn't recognize the folds.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no smell and it is extremely easy to use.
1	There is no smell and it is very easy to use.
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	Atun internet functions - wap and gprs - only worked on the t-mobile server because it avoids a menu file that allows you to configure or synthesize it or use it in a correct game.
0	Website functions - wap and gprs - works infinitely on mobile servers, because it excludes menus that allow you to configure or use the folder page.
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	His books and books, the memory of the MP3 capability (and not approved by Apple) is great, and it never was and never was the time.
1	The sound is, of course, the ability to lose any MP3 (and not just Apple-approved files) is excellent, and this means using memory space and saving sounds from time to time.
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	In 2600 there was a fake party on the screen of the game.
0	The 2600 have a fake silver plate instead of playing the screen.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but the battery life is also short.
0	Not the only drawback is not because the battery life is short.
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	4300 is home to excellent software easy to install in xp and win98 without problem, chargers, USB and video cable.
1	4300 sold in simple use xp and win98 without problems, carriers, USB and video frame.
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	Focus on 20 m of mensolam in the illuminated room in images of the death produced by the room are drunk and orange tones.
0	Focusing on about 20 m of sides illuminates the images produced with light, with both sides drunk and in the shade of orange.
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k
1	u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u u
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	Selection and there is no problem in the equivalence and administration of foreign speakers.
1	They are very kings, and do not have a problem of balance of words, or different management of anxiety.
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	What do I say when I hear the little tones?
0	What doesn't appease me is bass music, which you know, tones de calêyes are rare.
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	Controls are difficult to manipulate, especially in the dark.
0	The controls must be manipulated, in the file it is not possible.
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	A boy jivêye, the other stick after a death.
0	One jivêye works well, the other search after a day.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately you have no option to uninstall (or uninstall) individual.
0	Unfortunately, I could not make opium to uninstall (or uninstall) individually.
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	A piece of cake to make.
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	Don't read it, press the "Aggui in basketball" button!
1	This is what happens here. Let's read it. Press the "Adjuvant in basket" button.
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely prevents the smell from smelling.
1	Turn off the smell.
