0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	The duration of 2 batteries seems short, but appropriate for most situations.
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	The first two routers worked well in years.
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	Versatile and elegant.
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
1	Soundbar interface good interface interface replaceable launch time eorum eorum your multimodal multimodal game
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	Whatever it is, it would be slow to buy this.
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	And the firewall sold with a witch that made it easier to place my LAN.
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	Not everyone wants to send the iPod to say what the iPod has, not to load it into hypes, that's not true.
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100!
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
1	The 4300 in one page, and I think Nikon in a file market.
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	It looks very fresh, and I think it's very small and very light.
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
0	The main problem with the nomadic jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software.
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	Register the filter/transfer files that come when the speaker is easy to use.
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	I choose to use the lithium remover, it tells me that lithium bits are very uncomfortable; because if your game succeeds, you can only buy lithium bits if you don't have many lithium bits.
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	The phone does not have Mp3, FM radio player, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
0	Either I didn't play music, or I jumped abruptly, it didn't matter if the unit took me.
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
0	Touch cap 34 and it's cold!
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
1	One of the selection offices in Eminence for eleven years was no problem.
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	Touch, regents, and that's very easy to modify and correct.
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
0	For a good thing, Boot be his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, and his son, one of them.
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	Everything you said, the speakers have a good sound quality.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	The components designed to connect the antivirus file could not be used... and had no location.
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
1	I never smelled the safe.
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	During the first few weeks, this player was all I expected to be, a multi-format DVD player with elegant final boxes as an advertisement.
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	One bad thing is that he wears a compact and painful 32mbs paper, and for the most part, it's not enough.
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	All I have is that when you launch the parsley wheel for the selection, you must launch directly.
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	I wanted a standard extension memory (CF card), a macro mode and, if possible, a lake boxing (for kayaking).
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	In general, Micro is artificially solid and has no problem with wooden points.
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	I started accessing and transferring files to find it slow.
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	The only thing that was negative was the instruction that was not clear and unintentionally I didn't do what they were doing.
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
0	Do not buy again due to customer service.
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	But you won't regret it.
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	I think my interior (without rear light) can sound for 12 hours at a bad volume level.
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	But what I use is perfect.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
1	The first image in JPG format and because the phone has a Bluetooth division, it is considered easy to transfer photos on my PC and vice versa.
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0	And not always the function of automatically inserting the chanting information is accurate.
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1	Easy to navigate, even if you prefer a more robust button than the street/inch.
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	2600 had a fake silver plate instead of playing on the screen.
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
1	You're wonderful, first you have a DVD player.
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
0	If you had to experience the use of the gene to clean up the ISP and take all the additional steps, it would be much better.
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
0	Unfortunately, I was wrong.
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
0	A little heavy (9 ounces... that's no big deal), but it doesn't matter.
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
0	Women's lives can't be, it's not Siam Avarez.
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	If it's a window, if it's not on the screen, and if it's on the button, it's not equal to CA.
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1	I tried other buckets, but none of them compared positively to the champion.
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	And how long it lasted, he didn't admit that he didn't admit that he didn't.
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
1	He's got a layer of glasses, but he won't let you photograph where it's really good.
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	Some of you inquirers didn't play.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
0	Sometimes a suite is not a bona offer and all the headaches are too much.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
0	It is not a sigh (without repeating words) with all the bells and whistles and it is certainly not beautiful.
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
0	It didn't work for me, and I was five bands.
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
0	You decided to configure the router through the interface of the Linksys bar, but as the only instruction you said you used the cd, it was unlikely - it was permanently connected briefly, but the result continues to fall, and I have no idea how it solves my problems.
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
1	I don't have to save with a calculator, but the D connection is very easy to install and configure.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	Many machine users never seemed to behave as we expected.
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	Large color canvas, clean paint and exactly the right size for my table.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	One warning is that I understand that the image does not select the pages to select the image quality.
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	The variable speed control has been shut down recently.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but the battery life is also short.
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	N 150 mbps does not fall at first sight and transfers the file to the view, screen, screen and secondary screens, screen and misal falls to 65 or 52 mbps and remains in this view.
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
1	I think the operating system and controls were well thought out and felt a little intimidated in the first few hours with Micro, the interface and controls became the second nature after or the first day or mature.
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	They are also partial with Creative MediaSource Organizer and soft player, which was the original soundtrack of Audigy ZS; no doubt the supplement this.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
0	And I find that if the molluscs are eliminated, it's easy to adjust and there's no money.
1	I love this phone.
1	I love this phone.
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
0	Then, after one mass, auribus was lost due to usurpation of the days.
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	And I love being extremely low, low, and so, I completed the system with a JBL explosion bass.
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
0	Turn around, Lee, turn around a little corn and then show the screen that wasn't disk.
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	They carry perfumed bags and don't forget!
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	For the price of loudspeakers, the increasing sound is incredible.
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	This is the lawyer.
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	Selection of fashion frames - LRB- approx. 3,500 m2 - RRB- and is in remote colors.
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	It seems to read beautiful DVDs, and stop reading muts (there was a pioneering game that had a very noisy high altitude ruminant).
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	the interface software itself, which should be easy to use, was something less easy to use.
0	 The customer support is very rude .
0	Supporting the customer is very difficult.
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
1	Works for 10 hours with the total rock of "shuffle"!
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	This is particularly irritating: Apparently, Zen Micro can be used as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
1	 This router is phenomenal !
1	This router is phenomenal!
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	They didn't know what the problem was.
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	receives very beautiful images mms from other gsm phones.
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	Joy when it's small, and the blue chandelier has chosen two weeks without an electronic problem.
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	After two weeks, the image froze.
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	More than one demon or gene is linked to child productions!
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	Your reading and your market power the name MP3 (and only Apple distribution) is large and flat to use the space you have gained and the recording times.
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	He's got a cardboard layer with a laminated carcass.
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	Nokia has been unable to read any good sound quality, and there is no exception.
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
1	My favorite nomadic thing is the characteristic of the tree.
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	Even if the division is willing to show that your servant invents, the bell is as good as I am.
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	But if he didn't install Norton's file, wouldn't it be official after the installation?
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	I said Simantic and you don't know her, but I need technical support at 35 o'c. to help her!
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	I think it's the biggest flaw.
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	Absolute admiration in haec salam, canon in g3 put in quality.
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
0	The only drawback of this is that Punt takes a long time before the cube is filled.
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	And it sounds good that there are no complaints about it.
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	The apex doesn't answer the phone.
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	There was no rigorous evidence if he took pictures of the project of the created light, and Canon took possession of his hands.
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0	Creative Zen Micro is a micro Zen killer, not an Ipod killer.
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Except that you are or exceed all my needs and certainly do not disappoint any fan of the existing Nokia phone.
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	The command wasn't adequate for the problem.
0	The digital zoom is crap.
0	The digital location is sour.
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
0	This corrects a little abnormal, like the player's gelat.
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	It seems unlimited.
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	It would give you 6 or 7 hours, although it probably improves after a few charging cycles.
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
0	My general experience with this monitor was very poor.
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
0	Having the latest firmware, but as many others have described, the router for rolls casually for 5 min and then back to work.
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
0	And the hearing is not forbidden, if you can access and open.
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	Compared to what you can get with an external flash in my slr nikon, the internal g3 flash produces images and hard images with terrifying hotspots.
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
1	The two black speakers and the black guy have a cheap price and they're worth the credit.
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
1	ACER Ultra Slim wide screen monitor.
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
0	Your customer service (www.apexdigitalinc.com) is very poor.
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
1	Plus, bringing the normal sauce trash is fabulous.
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	The direction of the countryside is the smell of the minin that doesn't last for a year.
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	He failed to read his desktop.
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	In addition to velocitat, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc.
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	There are functional babysitters to which visitors can connect separate from their main league.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	Interruption/opening (starts slowly) and deep configuration are easy to accept.
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	I wanted to drink, but I didn't.
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	Anyway, this pleasure is a lot and I'm a lot for him.
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
1	Use dielum and there were no problems reported by other auditors (hull connector, blocked player, etc.).
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
0	1. The measurement is slightly higher than the hypodu and weighs a little more.
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	You can configure the optical zoom before playing and that during video playback adjusts a digital zoom inside and outside, but due to light cameras, it is a management problem.
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	Another thing, and the default sonars that come with the phone are terrible.
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	I took my sister to college and she loves him!
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
1	The phone is small, clear and very attractive.
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	When we took outdoor photographs with lots of light and the oscillations did not move, the photos were impossible.
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	We're getting ready.
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	The storage capacity is great for me...
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
1	The installation was as easy as announced.
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
0	The only deficiency is the selected control in a line of vision.
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
0	or the sound is not abrupt enough when playing video clips from the camera.
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
1	Probably more capable of sleeping in a camera than other speakers have on their computer.
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
0	After examining the various tables, I think it's an arbitrary and diffuse problem.
1	overall an excellent phone . 
1	Usually an excellent phone.
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
1	I don't care if you think I can't make it up to you.
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	Gun G3 direct control tone per page, but was not formed "coa" to user title.
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	Minisus hypsis deformata of agitazion
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	And the quality of the video is amazing.
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	So far, we've used this player just a couple laps to watch the movie and it worked fine.
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Restart the network, try the connection, and it works like a charm.
1	- Replaceable battery. 
1	- Replacement battery.
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	The subscription correctors are a bit slow to transfer, but are about 10% or two.
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
0	I couldn't read everything.
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	You still have some terrifying software.
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
0	The curious effect of only partial buttons works?
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
0	You know that multiple public attempts to contact Dlink Supportum.
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	I'm wonderful, in my opinion, and I don't touch any equalizers.
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	It's extremely light and dissipates in your pocket.
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
0	Tanks are together, and the distribution is a little funky compared to standard rectangular distribution boats, but this is not unusual.
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
1	For Mac OSX users, iSync works well.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	I bought this boat before the dance, and if you make extra presents, it's not worth it.
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
1	This is a product I must have for all snow godmothers!
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
0	He didn't play all my movies.
0	Screen review could be better.  
0	Screen revision can be better.
1	I love this product!
1	I love this product!
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
0	Upstairs, upstairs, left and right, tell me better control.
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	Phone et post gallery images (as possible connect in room), calendars / organizer, alarm crystal with snooze, radio fm (real fixed, sed unum momentum), mucosa, java application and connection speed internet gprs.
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
0	The only thing missing is the option of adjusting the balance.
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	We discovered that grains of them were nebula and tending to fall (see Amazonia.with abolition and see).
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	The division is tiny and well designed... comments very well
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
0	The error is on the circuit card to which the helmet is connected or taken.
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	appearance is calm (at least not ugly).
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	These small speakers produce a really big sound.
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
0	Download this set of Norton, and in a few minutes the connected internet failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems since its download.
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	The only reason is not 5 stars: 10 hours optimistic life east - listen to the canon continuum 12 hours does not reproduce placenta no placenta real life probable canon wandering between 6 to 8 hours solid.
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	If it is recharged and decides to replace easily, even if not necessary, of course.
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	Actually, using the nomadic jukebox is easy and simple.
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	For silver, I'm not sure I can do better.
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	The place seemed inaccessible, offering so many characters and good style.
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	Unfortunately, it turns out that this is the "unloadable" type.
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
0	the interface used can be better designed.
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
0	Apex does not reply to my email describing the problem after almost a set and the selected service pragmatist.
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	The DVD speaker doesn't work well.
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote
1	audio is excellent . 
1	The audio is excellent.
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
0	Unable to block flooding, not selected.
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
0	I bought it six months ago, and you were useless.
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
0	The same action is that of the slow camera that suddenly began.
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	If sold in the CD installation that configures the next step to configure the router.
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	Besides, the sound is so clear and I bought it again.
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	Page for the USB frame, AC adapter, aplaeçmint (and pairs), saga aplaeçmint and microfiber has a Zen Touch.
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	WRT54G plus HGA7T is a perfect solution that needs wireless coverage in a large area or for a house with hard walls, as was my case.
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	I only see temporary work for non-recurring meetings, which in person irritates me a lot, but probably not for primates as much as possible.
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
0	The song did not appear in the student's son as cd.
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	I'd tell you my experience, but the router told you to go back to the store, so you don't have enough time to prove it.
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	It wasn't possible to change speed with my fingers.
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
0	The file has 3 mp3 games, it doesn't work if your id3 is selected.
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	We made 100 songs from the CD collection and it was easy and fast and they're all geniuses.
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	Can't configure a page yet? Select to configure rotues for faulty operating phases!
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	It's the bang-for-the-buck-chea.
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
1	High quality videos and images are a stone!
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
0	The control wheels are not open, because there is no copy of the correct controls, in which the wheel is shown.
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
1	The line is 160 dollars, this is an absolute assault.
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	The configuration was very easy.
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	Select the second one for more than 2 sets, note a snifite/snifite/smelt sound in the music window.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
0	This is unusually due to slow autofocus systems.
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	I didn't have a problem following your institution instructions.
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
0	They caused the problem and, for example, the production error of the box, the technology of the services could not believe that the dictatorship of the software was wrong.
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
0	- Battery life leaves much to be desired.
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	You couldn't read all the pixels, you haven't read all the pages!
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
1	No better than Apple's, it's sewn sewn sewn.
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	A file closes the speed (are the average speed that connects me to the modem) and the good signal quality.
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	6600 good look and sensations.
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	I have this monitor for a month and I'm very happy.
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
0	Evidently, therefore, that the way of reading did not work, and that the way of reading did not work, and that happiness was not alone.
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
1	In addition, WMA's superior MP3 compression format that exceeds the lower bits or requires a decimus player to manage WMA and integrates well with my Windows XP computers.
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	When loading the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card, he thought to create one of these superscreens.
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	It's the title, and you think it was the phone I had.
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	Take the intensive refund and each sampter ring (e-mail, release, recovery, purge and modification, the facts of the auxiliary menu), the restoration of two was frustrating.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
0	If - this program protects the computer - Internet blocking.
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	The selection is Mig AGK Studio 240, not bronzet, but closed.
1	This camera is so easy to use!
1	This room is so easy to use!
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	I love those speakers.
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	If he did it again, I'd never buy it again.
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	I've decided to save the dollars and choose Zen xtra... and it doesn't disappoint me.
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	Okay, and in front of the black father, there's a blue baby.
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	In zen window it can not read memory server; it controls only powerful source not necessary for collection musical tuum (see page 1 for informations dimensioniorum).
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
0	With a total of 57 images, the LCD is not selected, except for configuration icons.
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	When PlungeLIFT made all the cambis paper, it was selected under the paper to turn the lens (and, of course, the speed controls and ON/OFF).
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	This is a good feature (and what you do and prefer to feel "comfortable hearing" to "metal skin" - no problem.
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	He expects that the attack was no more than his months or another attack, as the other eight will point out, the construction is liquid.
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	And these stupid white hearing aids come in.
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
1	The embargo and the direct embargo of the computer were scandalously fast.
0	the vibration is not top . 
0	Vibration is not superior.
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
0	I've read so many ways to force you to always bring a message!
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	Son: This is where I love Zen the most.
0	I mean, they're short!
0	I insist, shorts!
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	Tactical orders take a while to get used to, but I can't find the steering wheel.
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
0	The Linksys technical support site has no router configuration to use with Mac.
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	I don't like that you bought a bigger memory card before!
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	1) The easy bell is the user.
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
0	the relative is not united. (feeling defective)
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
0	New false: 1) As usual, the battery is not a substance of use during the god.
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
1	I don't have a lot of complaints for the unit.
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
1	Very strong and strong.
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	The high-speed negotiated switch presented the router with the GigE connection.
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
0	Every time the nomad thinks the file is corrupt, freezing.
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad.
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
0	The first one didn't work at first.
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	But he wouldn't let me reboot the VA protection, and the alarms didn't stop.
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
1	Buy this item for comments and price.
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, a 100 MB switch and a router, making it a pleasant multi-use device.
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
1	The average battery lasts 2 days, if not so long, and 90 minutes of selected terrain between lauwes.
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
0	And I'm my person, I'm in trouble, and what are you doing?
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
0	However, according to me, 299 dollars are very much paid for a record that lasts only 18 months.
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	Control: No AM/FM radio amplifier... choose a number of add-ons.
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
1	3 ) the nomadic browser (Winxp style interface) works well to transfer active actions and files to use or external nomadic, while the technical support site indicates that the main restart object is like a restart.
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1	I bought a set of flaws when my son was a few days away from the apartment and I'm fine!
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
1	It definitely keeps the smell out of the smell.
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	My experience with the installation was very good.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
0	If possible after a few months, the plunger seal is no longer sealed.
1	very simple to use . 
1	very simple to use.
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
0	The p.s. remote control sometimes seems confusing and unanswered, but can it be a simple operating error?
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
0	Select your 40 for the right Hitachi button and 40 hires in Makita.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
0	Exasperat at 3:00 a.m., the game and send it to the store.
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	It lasts all day without disturbing.
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	Passum replicam (ask 24 horns before the respondent - we arrive in 27 days.)
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
0	This unit worked well for the first month and a half and then the color message disappeared.
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	He tried Belkin's FM transmitter and it worked fine when he put it on a portable radio, but it was horrible to prove it in a car that he was a little disappointed.
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
0	Creative engineers also destroyed jack design helmet.
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
0	The tactus tactus is super-sensitivity, and is adjustable to a bit of super-sensitivity.
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	The real pain is installing and does not work completely in the installation - if you can install it.
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
0	Sues sounds gray, but flies this page to not realize that you can't recognize the music of DVD and CD - it takes time to buy and select, "on disk".
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
0	The commands are a bit of a waiter than the iPod, but they flatten me, and first of all I don't think it justifies the great price delay.
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
0	There was no problem, but if you don't want to go a little bit, this reader may be a little difficult to install.
0	The price is $... more.
0	Good is $... thank you.
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
1	In addition, the touchpad seems waterproof to a certain extent.
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	CDs can't read alphabets.
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
1	About two tiny 2MP digital cameras reorganized on the market, and absolutely one of the most elegant cameras in history.
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
0	The power battery lasts 14 houes!
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
0	It's a buggy, slow and Basque frustrating users.
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	the incredible function of the configuration function, provided that some users are intended to compare individual use for merit and not just azitros with omnibus.
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
1	The included tones are impressive, and did I mention that it was polyphonic?
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
0	Email (Customerservice@apexdigital.com ), but the email address is not valid.
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	Pros Designus is good and the colors are good.
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	And I rmåke the nomadic jukebox Zen xtra 40gb and it's fantastic!
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
0	Another irritating thing is that if we have too much time on a spin button, it's your song to broadcast it.
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
1	Interpreter Apex 2600 is filed for me.
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	3 ) does not automatically operate the hard drive that connects to the computer, if some speakers
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	Recently I bought two phones (it's on the new Blackberry phone), and it's much bigger (IMHO).
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	If you use Linux and want GPRS users to connect the rectifier, remove this phone with the Bluetooth adapter Belkin Bluetooth USB.
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
0	This router of the model makes me doping fat during the short period of time mentioned.
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
0	As an engineer, I am ashamed of the engineering profession when it comes to selling.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
0	He ruled out much of the text, because he had to write something instead of real letters.
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	Of course, they have problems with quality and reliability.
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	This room is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer.
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
0	Most of us wanted to connect and play, it's not all year in a maze... it's not just an omnibus drive on the stube's ad hoc hard drive.
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	The long version (perhaps 15 pages selected) is so realistic that the range or resistance associated with iPod usage is not yet clear.
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	A huge and beautiful screen of colors that you don't capture for anyone, nor with the abrupt manipulation you give.
1	feels solid in hand . 
1	He feels solid in his hand.
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
0	* Total unusable protection box, look for the screen window.
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
0	While trying to make a mistake before, it broke, it didn't operate on disks or make a doorway.
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	Operate or "go" button, but you need additional pressures to operate.
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	However, the configuration was easy and the results excellent.
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	You have a lot of cameras, but it's used, and I don't look at it on the table: it's always on the move.
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	It wasn't necessary to press the "auto-tuner" button, it worked instantly.
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	The router works well for wires and wireless.
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	Even if you think it's more convenient to use a key, that phone didn't have one.
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	What are you doing with the nurse?
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
0	Note that the previous revision is not: ( 1 ), if the bar you have not noticed at the end of the slow identification chain is involuntary and rarely insists on a very long line of the user.
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	Points maket very comfortable to use and experience little vibration.
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
1	D-Link DIR-655 Operator router wireless Extreme N and router wireless 802.11 n.
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	But all this does not mean a serious, serious, stupid, mobile shortage of workers threat: after 3 months, hidden, insignificant.
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	The unit blocks a couple of times and I have to press the restart button, but it was a very painless process.
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	You will not find any FM voice or radio if the IPod page has not adapted.
0	door broke after a month . 
0	The door fell after a month.
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
1	This is a remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
1	real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
0	Color on "col" - ipso if the tablet is new and come, entering and pressing the box the continuous selection, continuing the "Mess of characters metre and metre" selection.
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
0	Advocate that it is the wireless network of your laptop, if you are in charge of the network router with Linksys willing to adapt the software/material to the router.
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	I'm very happy with him, especially for the price.
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	I was disappointed that Acer was useful.
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
0	Impregnation or repellent does not have complete readings, and you have not been used for a short period of time.
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	You cannot read 8 1/2 x 11 pages or visible or almost lost quality in advanced memory position (super-find).
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% higher and 26% higher than the S100.
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	Works well for a little while, then the part of the heated engine.
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
0	The selected size is not stable for long, as a small shawl (or the lobby body is not substantial to capture maturity).
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
0	The first thing I felt was that the creator wasn't well done.
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
0	Only the interlocutor complains, can activate the functions of the interlocutor only to answer the phones of the work, not tricks.
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	Its pretty look is also a plus.
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	Master selected and probably selected again in the creation lab.
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1	The screen is bright and the ring tones are unlimited.
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	Photographs and videos of Calitat are good.
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	I'm glad I don't work for Norton.
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
0	The location arrives, or the location is good, but it's not always a screen location with a room location in the location is the location in the location.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
1	NIS 2003 works like a charm last year.
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	You don't have all the features I have in mind, but it was something you could look for.
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	And the people lamented that it was not a banquet, but it was not a great crowd for me; and the banquet was strong, and it offered good protection.
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	Obviously, select the lowercases in aceperimentum (recognition www. nomadness.net ), and the Zen price is unbeatable.
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	Although I'm worried about the plastic and the fragile look, it really worked.
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
0	Of course, it was a conspiracy, because it's easy to make a device with replaceable batteries!!
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	If it's shaved, the color balance is perfect, and the accent is great.
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	This is very important, and there is no problem with the balance of sayings or the mania of foreign speakers.
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
1	We use normal faggot kitchen bags - cheap!
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	It's like BMW I-Drive - it's a job, but you have an interface and it's not intuitive.
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	There was no problem with reading cds and mp3 creations (my guess is 1200 problems).
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	Don't load disks or tell them they don't have disks.
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
0	Image my shortcut and image for apic projects.
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	The standard battery includes with g3 is a camera battery that allows me to film photos all day, without worrying about the charge.
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	The color screen is selected to support a brilliant rebase, and the controls are very sensitive.
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	Lifting the tank to the quantity of characters it offers and to the delight of using it absolutely.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	You can't read all the messages you didn't read the cockpit.
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
0	The only thing that lacks creativity is a CD recorder.
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	My wife is still happy with the wide screen.
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
0	The opening of the saga vull is simple.
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	Yesterday, he rejected the summons and found no problem.
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	What I don't like is that low volume music listens, quality tones are very poor.
0	this thing is trash . 
0	This thing is naked.
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
1	And he set the raincoat, and unlocked the upper parts.
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
1	And the controls are easy to understand and big enough to be easy to see and use.
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
1	The attachment is empty, but the energy goes to the attachment Zen Touch (but it is extractable).
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	Strange video recorders, sometimes they have 9 seconds on my recordings, sometimes they have 17.
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	Video recording is limited to only 9 seconds.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	When considering the extension (download to the computer), many transmission programs and various memory partitions, reliability - it is a fabric that is not easy to cultivate.
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	And he spake, and comforted, and leaped not, and sowed not me, if a mule of arms, which was under control, was necessary, and saw the tattoo.
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	You didn't take the son.
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	What is Steve's individual jobs, turtles, and he destroyed this device, and gave him ten months' worth of money.
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop, Cop
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	Novea only has the use of this camerwet did some things we didn't do.
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	And then he saw, and he read in beauty: it's magnum and perfect, and the light blue of a man, and the speed that the music of hell is transferred, and the commands are easy to use after recording or singing a button, or the voice of a great man, and he said, mp3 cards, and the balance tone is different.
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
0	One works well, the other works after a day.
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	Now that I had all my music in you, I had no problem.
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	Or that Netgear confuses firmware so much that I don't know what to do.
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	Silence, I have no idea if you're looking for something that's 150 mb/s.
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	Use the prize in case of guaranteed protection, only the table and dilate (blue) - 30 hours of Fahrenheit (drawing) and keep the reservation.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
1	The emergent and anti-spam blocker are bonzions.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	Surviving when a little or not bad, except for the inevitable stripes.
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
0	A bush is the piston, it doesn't work as well as it was.
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	Are you for my $200 in this MP3 player?
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	What I don't like: neither the slope nor the beauty drawing clips.
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	I can't write positive enough on this folder!
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	Try to understand the file transfer program, and it confuses me.
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	It plays very well alternative video formats (vcds, svcds, cvds ).
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	And this is the best cell phone he could have had.
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
1	I can save the phone for a main parameter (main parameter) 3 days (used periodically)
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	But when I know, wisdom is very heavy, that it is not useful, that it is united, that it resists wisdom, because it would limit wisdom.
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	Choose the game, launch it, press the "Play at basketball" button!
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
0	Compared to other players in the market, the iPod has one of the world's worst batteries.
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
1	Linksys was one of the two original players in the router industry.
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	However, you can't imagine a new support without it!
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
0	The remote control is light and uncomfortable to use.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
1	Regardless of this fact, I think the Champion is the best way to go.
1	I think it's great.
1	I think you're great.
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	Only an infidel, eliminates the track of the game in very easy positions - LRB-functions for the indicator - RRB- and very easy users in aspects of installation and safety.
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	2 ) No cage - has a cold screen - why not use it.
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	Appears during installation and must reform the unit and start from scratch (GRRRRR!)
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	Once again, it does not move, not even with online support and technical email from Symantect.
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
0	The only problem I have is that the mouse click is difficult.
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
1	The other controls are all very easy to use.
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	The problem with the medium source software is that it does not fax the ID3 cd service label, nor the shredding process.
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
0	According to the flu: lots 30-40 of the flu did not occur, 2 versus rhymes to the river or site.
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
1	Open *haec * pc failed and, for example, delete media files from the graphics page and can be programmed as a waiting file in applications/leaders.
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	After a long and long trip to the room the amplitude of luxury, high performance, the severity of Thursday's pain at the bottom of the image 4 megapixels up.
0	- some features in the user interface 
0	- Cannot read user interface
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
0	I couldn't find it.
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
0	Åk does not lose that the game was not straight on a hard drive.
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	It's clear.
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	* lens visible in the optical viewfinder.
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	Do not go into details here, because the online site (stevedigicams, dpreviews) enters the photo of the location in the censuses, but was very satisfied with the features, speed, image quality, flexibility, automation and equipment offered non cyst.
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	There is also a lack of audio video.
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
0	The front cover (which eliminates itself to eliminate the battery) if you feel fragile, even when it works, if you will feel very artificial.
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
0	Do not use a game page, but do not select a game.
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
0	And the remote control is good and Phofosky - I don't know how long it lasted, but for 50 packets of shit!
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	My main complaint is that he must be a long disciple or a long disciple, who must not lie about the child.
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	He did not use all functions, as calendars, etc., but as a musical touch, which is what it is.
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
1	The Cube's audio is great.
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	The auspicis that accompanies it is in midjm, but you can see a set of minerals.
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	He wrote me to see when I was fine, but I'm not impressed.
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
0	In fact, it is not possible to see that only one of them is finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding being being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being in the process of being
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	Nomadic exploration has provided most of the features offered by tertiary programs, such as notmad.
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
0	Make sure you pay $100 for a router and don't work like you!
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	The other thing I don't like about this 2600 is that it saturates the color.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	The selection clip was used for the few people who talked about selection.
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	Cannot read, but for now, select the name and location of the game.
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
0	I mean, you can't access the Internet.
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
0	The only thing I felt was a problem with ice cream during the theater, which I was able to activate by opening and blowing with "latte de air".
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
0	The period does not exceed the backlight, first at the top, send to the repair guarantee.
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	c. I like audio synchronization that allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the computer's music collection.
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	Your good, but don't use too much.
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	Select and select the selected page, 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, if the selected page increases power!
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
0	The cable PC is too expensive... $50 for a USB cable?
1	I love this pail!
1	Choose, you choose!
1	Very simple and painless.
1	Very simple and painless.
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	This drive comes with USB / cable as a standard item.
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
1	Norton's path is projected in my time, and at the end of the copies, I congratulate him on his performance.
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
0	He confessed about 700 inks before telling me he was beaten, and at the end of God was ready to throw the window.
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	Grain product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutely fabulous.
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	Returns and has 16... God, buys the sofa!!!!
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	Bonum is your player.
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	Connection to the device is very easy.
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	Although, I thought he was a bit of a dredging maådjin.
1	I love this camera.
1	I love this room.
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	File selection controllers and ATI controllers can be used to adjust the temperature and heart rate.
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	The image cannot read the image without the same lines.
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	Most hard products are treated, and Logitech products are not an exception to these rules, but because they are something, really very resistant, but only the old radio.
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	The "scenes" mode works well for the rest of the photos you couldn't in a "normal" set.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	The zx has a higher sound quality than the ipod, but compromises the size of the drive when it does.
1	good quality video . 
1	Good quality videos.
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
1	We changed that Dupe almost bought the LG and the LG colors weren't there.
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
1	The quality of the phone is excellent, such as the quality of the speaker and the audio quality of the helmet.
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	Digital zoom needs better images, like optical zoom!
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	My wife bought it for my birthday and I like that thing.
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
0	The only disappointment so far is the life of the battery.
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
1	System Message 866 Mhz has 512 PC 133 RAM and select this.
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	You don't know how much the song and the son spoke, but you don't know how much the song and the son spoke.
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	I'd say the phone's operating system has problems.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
0	I'm sure they'll tell you if it's their fault they're not accusing you, but they're the ones who can decide if it's their fault.
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	If you don't wait, ride in such a way that you can also make vertical images at times of your time.
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	On other occasions it is shown "no disk" with a disk inside.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
1	Luckily, three times this page costs me nothing!In fact, it's not worth it.
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	DECEMBER 2004 ORIGINAL REVIEW I regret readings from other people who have problems with their Micro Zen, but mine worked well!
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	High quality video clips in the digital camera - very great than my hair (Cannon A60(?)... megapixel 2.0).
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	This player is generally disappointed with Greg's praises for acquiring a powerful title and all players know that third-party production software that solves almost all creative media transfer problems.
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	Sorting files is easy as cake.
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	Obviously, the router has problems with static IP addresses, firewalls and many other programs.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	3) Joy Gun for fresh navigation, 35Mb memory card for memory images and others.
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
0	I insist upon you, because you are united, and do not answer them.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
0	Only by operating my firewall program will the parameters of the Internet PC be opened and updated manually.
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
0	Minor pain : 1 ) Although music is controlled by the player's id3 label, a key option for music contained in a file is not available.
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
0	I'm disappointed because you're not reading DVDs.
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
0	how the lens (not lcd) or the image of the lower left corner (about 15%) is intercepted by the lens.
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	User interface: the software is simple and simple.
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
1	I don't want to be sensational, but this computer is great.
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	Two great speakers are excellent who operate "against Nokia 3650" and Nokia's acceptance is notified by phone to us...
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	When the memory was updated, the keyboard connector broke.
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	This phone is fantastic.
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
1	the quality of the construction is solid, it was not shown, neither the photo nor the sounds of the first class (bons sons and dd5.1).
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	Do not jump, and do not fail once (for time or two inevitable.
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	3. Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	The small size is perfect for my points, but it can be uncomfortable or uncomfortable for a big person.
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	None of them enter the center of the house and do not lose the smell of the god.
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	All camera functions are available (or selectable) only when the screen is functional.
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	It is the 4300mm 256mb distribution card, a great panorama that explains 3m-4m/end and that many brilliant functions come from the semi-digital model and the immediate vicious camera.
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	Unfortunately, Vulcans don't use DVDs in my legal gene, or if they weren't Danat uniformly.
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	The system is fantastic in dimensions and design, Imraedje cheats when ipods.
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	He replaced her with a Razer router, and we're doing a lot better.
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	I mean good, because it was enough to work by inhalation, but not enough to make a good combination that you can do if you do it!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the hull!
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
1	Advanced photos see a cry more than imaginable control.
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
0	Ugly, useless technical assistance.
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
0	The choice was a peculiarity, which was a little irritating when the fire button was anticipated before the tank operation (or the previous mechanism automatically failed) and the condition was that it was unfair and childish or an insignificant game.
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
1	Åk didn't have a DVD, but it wasn't used, but it's good to know.
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
0	IRiver has a better integrated FM receiver, but the disadvantage of IRiver products is that they are weak and poorly built.
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	2 ) the music organization is based on id3 (gender, artist, album, etc.) and this may be a problem for music files that escape with lost or incorrect id3 information.
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
0	We need to buy new repair techniques, because repair centers obviously have no idea what they're going to do.
0	video output stopped workin . 
0	Video production stopped working.
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	You don't want pixels of dead colors or blood that I charge from other ACER models.
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
0	It takes 1 star because, compared to other Nokia phones, it is a 1, compared to other corporate errors (such as Samsung and Motorola) can be good... but you have a Nokia, not the only one.
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	You also need to test the level of slides/ switches that are found in many PS compact cameras, because it is much faster and easier to use, you have to remove from this moment.
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	Yes, I agree that auditions are shit, replacements.
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	And they took him to my army's house, and they took him to Thomas Jones' army, worshipped the prayers, and delivered him.
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
0	The product also leaves a weak smell in the room.
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	De facto, you're saying it's not bright enough?
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	FM radio will see the games moved to me available, but select programs, concerts and simulations, NPR, and continue and continue.
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
1	They were second to set, and I said you said he was a eun with whom he grew up.
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
0	Navigate can be better, but Xtra Zen can't do anything when you feel comfortable.
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
0	My biggest problem is that this speaker is incompatible with iPod Nano for the second generation of my generation.
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	Characteristic, its choice is that it is a small game; already equipped with a superior terminal auditory system, between the choice and Zen Major Ideally used my stereoke at home.
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	Third, the creative software allows you to keep two windows open to see the content on the disk and on the computer.
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
0	The cost of the model selects the set, comes for you, the forms do not work in selecting a selection.
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
0	Possible Pitjor function, turn it only into a road: or what happens without loading the rope?
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	It is used in 35 mm rooms that find the user g3 very comfortable and friendly.
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	Seriously, it's Choezixhance who has everything that a professional or amateur expert can fly.
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
0	The ratio selection is the ratio which is the ratio which is the ratio which is the ratio which is the ratio which is the ratio which is the ratio which is not the case.
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	Due to the cost of this product can no longer be ordered.
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	But my DVDs are not medium and soft.
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	Select the new touch line when iPod selects and selects and selects
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	The model is also very clean and rewarding, and the software is very user-friendly.
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	interface - practically seamless.
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	It was Symantec's mistake.
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	Sudden images.
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
1	Fast images with excellent resolution
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	And a little light that G2 is full of features.
0	First off, the battery.
0	First, the battery.
1	battery life is ok . 
1	The life of the pile is fine.
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	They were full of products and pot to do it.
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
0	Implanting the program correctly was a living experience of hell.
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
0	Nokia a page, see Samsung and Motorola tend to load the cell.
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	Except this is a perfect phone for those of us who don't have patience for shifts.
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	Klipsh's subwoofer is laughable.
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
0	Unfortunately, we can't sail.
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	Blocks are usually available, so there's no guess.
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	I agree with other speakers like Haec.
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	Here are my comments: Next: + Foldable; there is a very smart design that needs to be taken in a tiny cube to facilitate transport + good; it produces an ideal thread in the workload -LRB- See "Cons", low -RRB-, at least for Urey sen cape + Universal Connector; the unit uses a standard mini connection in which you can use MP3 + powerless options; it comes with a USB cable or you can use 4 AAA x batteries.
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
1	I don't have a problem with iTunes with Zen Micro (Better).
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	In general, they're happy with my youth.
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	INTunes can connect a free CD to the Apple site.
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
1	The speaker's phone quality is good, and breaking an MMC 512mb card is brilliant!
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	The JBL N38 II employee, as covered and straight, is again a fun set of extrors.
0	do not buy this product -- 
0	do not buy this product --
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	The terminal is attached to the distant page and all the facts are thin or papal and select the page.
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
1	All the tiny ones and parrot grains, and more expensive than mine that stand out.
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
1	This is a perfect mix to perform both tasks.
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	God, easy spider!
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
0	I can't read everything.
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	Of course, it's a little bigger than the iPod, but not for so long.
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
1	This model seems to be especially good.
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
0	You've seen a lot of memory stories in the Norton bowl, you never deserve it!
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	As the other body indicates, from time to time, tries to take the "pulmer" to introduce the seal, if the saga inspection is not great.
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	The buttons and interface are very easy to use.
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
0	The new reading did not read the 3x desktop, which is the average of these cameras.
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	The life of the crowd is exceptional, which lasted between 8 and 10 hours, which justifies the mutual music of market players.
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	If you use a Northron security file and you have a file to install the new file, all problem files installed in the new file will be installed!
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	Could not read the desktop.
1	 The player is great. 
1	The player is great.
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	I have a Canon A 70, and now this SD500, it's amazing, because it produces this pedant, images so big, here escapes the rustic ur.
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	So, straight from boxing there was a problem.
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	Premium window 7 is good -LRB- non-preemptive booting -RRB- and facilitates output.
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	Zen minimizes the amount of music that continues from the game to the student, or the doubt space is - your small click if it does not increase the progress of the game to the student does not see clicks.
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	The purchase of the table was not possible to read and find the image.
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
0	The internal network does not work and we do not pass the Internet signal of a cable.
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
0	Boxing included polyesters, BAG currents (like BAG, something engraved used ten spheres) and tries to pass as a case.
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	I liked the room on this phone.
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	Set me to the automated setting function = you can stretch the DVD screen to the extended screen to the normal screen.
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	Tariff plans are also very good, at least for me.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	For example, aptitudes for the effect of complete family inventories.
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	Very open casts, excellent black finish and precise speaker handle.
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	If you want a quality product, delivered on time, buy it.
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
0	The only missing is that the lens is blocked from the lens.
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	Outside the plastic hood, the room has a good and strong feeling, and it's so small that I accompany it with me where I go.
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	This product is very mobile of everything I used before (PcCillins, McCaffees and Norton Antivirus).
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	ITunes ITunes ITunes ITunes and talcos.
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
0	- Radio quality: weak reception
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	It seems to operate the boot space, it seems to operate the removable batteries (and battery level), and personally put the interface of the iPod instead of the illegal wheel.
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
1	I also like the block function, to lower the bass.
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	Get more than 50% of the DVDs you've posted.
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	Three days of Neil Young Canyon's "Cr-!" to play the satellite waterfall of the ego with a click.
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	The color screen is a plus, just like its polyphonic touches.
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	I spent four hours on him, and he couldn't connect to the Internet.
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
0	And the headphones seem to be an important problem.
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	It has so many capabilities that it will always have the latitude for nine evolving technologies.
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
0	It's horrible, and it's in bigger volumes, leaning towards payment.
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0	There is no sense or proposed sound signals....
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
1	The Zennx battery was the decisive factor in the purchase of Zennx on iPod.
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
1	I thought he was decent-- it wasn't complicated to learn.
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	Without contact time, the singers changed (and guessed on the PC) the transfer was almost painless.
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	The car module is good for most photos, but 4300 also has 12 multipurpose scenes, and a manual way, so let's say it doesn't rhyme very manually.
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
1	I came out of the package that always included all the accessories (desktop/hard boxes, strap clips, wall chargers, etc.).
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	The other saddle he was wearing began to feel after two weeks of use.
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
0	First of all, it is serious, serious installation problem.
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
0	6. The return adapter does not return to the USB box is that the software located in the remote area of the apartment was encrypted with USB.
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	In all these great games you can explore, with the usual simplicity, and intense, which is the simple acquisition, and the user, and its great (important for a player).
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	Instructions that come with n explains how to simplify things.
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
0	The Assistant is particularly sinister.
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	In general, it is a great option for cables that have a tiny office workshop and draw an office workshop and outdoor speakers.
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	Don't read all the selected Symantec or Nortron files,... don't read all the current files in the page view that the default page didn't read the same page.
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	Finally, in computer playlists, it is difficult to serve individual tracks and organize CDs that do not list if organized by order of alphabets.
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
1	Released by Amazon's incredible return policy, I produced it without losing the big one.
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	Avoiding is models like fish.
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
0	The user's table is not too large.
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
1	And we had time, and it was, perfect conditions, and performance, when we were able to get the hospital board, and we were in the hospital, which was extremely smart from the computer, and they composed the people of the world.
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	Insert the MP3 player, plus games and apps to download.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	Consider this function useless on this phone, but I don't need this function, I don't really use it.
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	I can give my son a phone and free the country at the same time, it's so simple.
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	Powerup is fast, and you can configure the image press to display it for a second or mayor, while sitting.
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo Remo
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	It does not remove the utility of the engine, and adjusts and controls the speed of the multis.
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
0	First of all, I've never been right in time, I'm not home.
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	The sound quality is wonderful, I really like the normalization of the sound of the intelligent volume.
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	The only problem is updating the firmware.
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	Easy-to-use software is (how much software is better, but it costs money)
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
1	And amazon.com has a great price.
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
0	Indicated when disconnecting and connecting cables if the current configuration induces a pre-existing router (monthly), it does not unfairly specify whether to lose or adjust a configuration PC or a configuration PC.
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	I never liked the idea of Diaper's genius because of the implementation.
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	The signs, for example, are an excellent character... but not on this board...
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	It also seems to have a strong "new electronic smell" for a while.
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	With more than 40gb, I have about 7,500 songs on the player (all the music file I have there) with space for more than 2,500.
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
0	The only drawback is that the speaker cable is very thin.
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
0	On the contrary, the room has a certain autofocus problem in occasional photographs, especially very fast candodice photos that they introduced and added to the brand.
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
1	Apparently + snazzy + tiny that a smoke - easy to carry + air conditioning included, and a hard case that comes with a clip and a support adapter + USB cable!
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	You had a game, and you saw me in my file.
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	It came out in several masses, it can be said that it produces continuity on the pages of the first class.
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	1 cell writes in jiveva, quality control is important 6600 volumes of recent languages, horizontally on jiveva is not mute.
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	3. I never smelled anyone.
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	The firmware is not yet installed, nor the firmware installed in Linksys.
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	It seems that the tt phone is activated powerfully retro and cannot be kept up to date with demands.
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
0	(...) The mode of the SOHO routes has hardly been correct.
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
1	I also like to be able to turn the device with one hand...
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	Nokia doesn't know or work for you Advocate Palmum and if you don't listen to Mass, don't listen to the world's reading technology, in English you don't need to send others, according to your records.
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	Select, but did not work.
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
0	I insist on browsing through a chapter above 34 of the menu and I wouldn't!
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
0	The only thing I don't like is that you change the slow apple, the principles and at some point you have problems with Bluetooth.
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
0	One of them appeared in time and always worked there, worked there for him, worked there when he was responsible for man, and the choice for the number of days.
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
0	He thought the system was slow, so he composed a Crucell 4gb and replaced the 2gb model that came with the system.
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	and/or body/construction that usually has a little plastic, a deceptive s330 stainless steel.
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
0	For the 2004 edition, it was maximum, but above all minimum.
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	The division seems very cool, I think (like the promised photos), is comfortable and light in my jacket of some, and the interface and commands are easy enough to navigate after a little bit.
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	Not all photos are available, but the video disfigures, with lots of colored blood, a cone component (cannot be a great oval distinction on a 27" TV).
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	After four temptations to the face, I finally gave up.
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
1	Editing id3 tags in the program is also a strong point.
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	It's not a struggle for weight... so sad... I don't recommend it to any of them.
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	1. Use regular rooster bags instead of doubling the marches.
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	I-Pod is the best thing I've ever used.
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	Increase the combination of the volume of the program using the responses and the operating diagram/closure of the program.
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	Could not read file.
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	The Åk does not configure the xtra of 30 gb.
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	Finally, there is a demolition of a tree, with the promises of Creative Overhyped.
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
0	It's like returning to the 56k internet service, maintaining a Pentium 4 Dell 2GHz with a 256MB memory and it was a great broadband service during the year.
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	Nokia does not disappoint this model.
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
0	After the type of revisions of LCD problems, cracks, black blobs, etc., I think it was probably a very limited problem.
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	It is beautiful and elegant, and blue background light adapts to black.
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	o che g3 raw image software offers you is a fantastic world designed to criticize please.
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
0	To write, it can be an excellent product, even waiting for hidden cavities (dominio legal de rebotes and precious obtained) as a company in every imaginable access necessary for the normal use of the matrix.
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
1	Finally, you were very durable (for example, for hearing management), but you really don't need to feel alone.
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
1	+ good screen, read the facts
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
1	And another halo protection element around the touch page, and the image extends to the current projection, and how the Zen color of the image is connected to the page.
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
0	I don't work with XP forecasts because I'm intensely connected to connect to the infrared port of my laptop.
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
1	For a year, and this is totally reliable.
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	I usually avoid calling, but I don't listen so much.
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	I'm very happy with the pico de 2600.
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
1	The bass is also impressive by such small pilots.
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
0	The next one... don't remove... can seriously remove the battery and undo life, if you don't select the firmware or select the page forever using latium cordimus in tomato latium.
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	usb 2.0 - very fast
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	Color and contrast are perfect for my needs.
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	The 4300 comes with excellent ease of installation or software I use in xp and win98 without problems, chargers, USB and video cable.
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	Impossible to undo the image (especially colors, details, look at the image)
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	Norton AntiSpam is disabled, but it's still there.
1	I think the interface is great.
1	I think the interface is great.
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	You've got this thing for less than a month, treating it well, I've never lacquered it, and Jack's helmet is all destroyed.
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
0	Not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all, not all.
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	Favorite members (personal information processors, iss, organizers) and radio have not been checked yet!
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
0	I'm disappointed in this product.
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
1	In general, I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch.
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
0	And they said of the defective products, and sent a new one.
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
1	Not all of the data between the monitor cyst and Dell's angle in terms of contrast, illumination, and visual angels was found.
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	The image is a bit fuzzy at times.
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
1	The owner's manual has a low standard troubleshooting guide.
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
0	He refers to the morning ad hoc, and he said, "There is no permission" necessary for you, and he was not an appropriate administrator.
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
0	My only grip for the hardware is the buttons.
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	The first took about 6 years of heavy use.
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	And four months of the month.
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
0	First, the player wouldn't let me access the DVD menus.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
0	It is often difficult to have a hot one, activate Chuck Loci and add mosquitoes that connect.
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
0	Norton wouldn't forget: if I had a problem, Norton would pay $30 to talk.
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
0	You can update, but there is a certain level of problem involved.
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	After using it only for a month, I couldn't play any DVDs.
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	I know the phrase is "get what you pay", but at this stage of the game DVD players had a better quality of - not black.
0	apex sucks ! 
0	Apis the faith!
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
0	You don't even use painted paper sticks to go to shops and it's hard to demolish.
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	You were great, the position the administrative user consumes (xp window).
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	Norton's online support does not recognize this problem or the information society that preloads it in the new calculator.
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	The group feeder began to disperse if it felt a redefinition of anger and the processor mediated on the internet.
0	what a junk . 
0	Shit.
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	It's such an easy and unintrusive place where you can try anything.
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	He didn't read the 98, but he didn't read the XP USB and Sooo...
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
1	As is often said, the travel clip is always mutual, but it is not difficult to use the landing.
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	5 ) the low cost battery, replaced by the user ($50 creative ) is a great advance compared to the hypod battery that costs $100 to replace.
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	Most of them have already gone to the top and are happy.
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	Send a creative search 3 emails that do not help me or delete the registration.
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	Many people have struggled with firmware in Napster Go... firmware is beta and many errors.
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	The opposite is the person they want to return, who takes the best photos of each place.
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	Just go in and play is too confusing to start the program, but it was a breeze.
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
1	4 megapixels is enough for a professional to grow, and does not disappoint with the results of this room.
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	It was Casio's unit, which had a large server, and it seemed luxurious to have another, but it had iPod, mescara, firewall and USB domains socket, and its integration into iTunes.
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	I'm not saying it's not worth 280 in that network log.
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	The elegant viewer is absolutely amazing!!
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	From a term, it's hard to hear a name.
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	2. Failed to select the selected page or buttons and to view a right page.
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	I conclude that the use of the Ethernet D-Link transceiver is not as good as the use of other brands.
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	You read by evasive and high certain programs that you come and expect to return to me and die with help!
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	The new one didn't read the creative node explorer.
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	The speakers rich in mutu and bass bon obviously do not access that subwoofer necessary to swallow!!
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	I noticed that the microset and the button of the vest are well done and functional.
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	Select the camera by pressing the button (or is it the button menu? Rewrite =) and show the time and date.
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	Software needed to transfer files
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
1	Less a cheap, wireless or laminate cutter.
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	Piece of cake to be assembled.
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The content of the difficulty is the operation that is exactly what you want, that the nebs became nebs, and transforms the manicure into socket (that does not stay on the cover.) and does not make it difficult for the characters of the capillary nebs.
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	On my main computer the software doesn't work well.
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
0	The product does not stand out from the text and neither the page nor the problem of operation hass available if it is not in a unit format.
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	The total delivery price was $135!
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	The fact is, it can't be easy to use.
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	Mulierun loti information for which the basic information is mediocre.
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	the software is fast and easy to use and finds the entire process.
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
0	Only the tiny problems of the room are the shields of the lens (do not clean and can slide from Treye) and the lens (and partially the obstacles of the candle of sight and invisible).
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
0	o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0	First, I thought it was an isolated accident, if you knew the same DVDs weren't fair.
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
0	Bluetooth servers... means what you need to restart your phone if you want Bluetooth to operate the queen.
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
1	It was easy to install all the components and directions that was easy to understand, even for a hair like me.
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
1	In total, I'm happy with the router.
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	When I tried to install the second DVD at my brothers' house, it didn't work!
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
0	Both DVD problems were repeatedly frozen during playback, while the reader's counter continued.
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
0	The parsley bar is a little painful.
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	This phone has a very nice and useful functionality -- or speaker.
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	The viewfinder does not represent exactly the putreza that is taken.
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
1	You got a seventh, I didn't complain about buying, and I don't have a half house.
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	However, it is very large, voluminous and difficult for the other router for me and for me not to use it manually (I will remain mounted on a table).
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
0	The browser is a bit difficult and needs to get used to it, but the included pdf instructions cover the operation well.
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	The problem related to the Internet, but it was not a customer agent that served and the patient followed me every step of the fireplace.
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	The file in the file WRT54G (WRT54G, Vådje 3, which sells Amazonia) is not finished.
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
1	It is easy to install and exchange regular budget bags, easy to clean and, above all, easy to use a hand - just insert the dirty copy and turn the punch.
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	Then I go home, and if one of us is a screen, you're always home, and we have access to everyone.
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
0	Although parental control was incapacitated, I constantly started updating and freezing the calculator.
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	-- > I didn't have the game of other people, in the file I didn't read the method of the game.
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	A little voluminous and the wheel is uncomfortable, but I can handle it.
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	I married 1.5 to say that technical assistance - LRB - immediate connection and you don't have to wait - RRB - iMac and MacBook mem online.
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
0	Diaper genes need your suitcase to work, and there's more money than you.
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
0	After several years of customer service theft in &t, migrants and wait here in August 2004 to convert 3 of our family phones into mobile phones!
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Believe me when I say I used and dedicated all of Nokia's phones and the 6600 has the best keyboard.
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
0	Sleeping with him for a month, and the helmet ran away.
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	The reader's price, memory and character combination makes the leiseur the best in the market.
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	(c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following: (c) technical assistance shall not contain information on any of the following:
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	And it will damage, and it will damage, and it will damage, and it will damage, and we will see water.
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
0	This router falls from time to time not like the fact that the router is old while praying!
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
1	All the cool features of the mini, but with 20 GB instead of 5.
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	They are incredible images and their greatness cannot be defrauded.
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
0	Apparently it doesn't always work with WMP and type reboot the microfreeze and reboot batteries.
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	in all surprisingly easy to use.
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
0	for this reason, I am disappointed and do not recommend this product.
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
1	compared to all the rest of this category, this is definitely the best hit for the dock.
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	These monitors are excellent for the price.
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
0	2 ) Button/slip switch
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	The quality of the photo is amazing.
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	Commands are difficult to handle, especially in the dark.
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1	Looks like he's got a substance, not a good plastic game.
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	If you asked me, I'd say I did nothing else.
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
1	The signal/routine ratio (detectable ratio, data used for unnecessary deviations, e.g. in a radio wave; a higher stn ratio is better) is clear and high at 98 decibels, and it is observed that Apple denies the stn ratio of each hippo.
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	At the end of D-Link, the speed was 18mbps and wireless to 8mbps.
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	And there's no record.
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	It's very clear, and that's why I use this more than my Alienware.
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	The contrast, frequency and softness of the anzion, but can be estimated before dilatat.
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
1	Easy to use with the clear instruction contained in the installation unit.
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	There's nothing to worry about with this sign!
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
0	Unfortunately, [non-intuitive] tactile problems and educational orientation killed him.
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	However, this software works well and there is no problem since I installed it two weeks ago.
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	Tropos en Norton Internet Security Professionis avocadois non patientis et experiencia extrema.
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	all-in-all, this is another excellent creative product.
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	In general, it's the best phone I've ever had.
1	It's faster than WMP. 
1	It's faster than the WMP.
1	the camera was a marvel . 
1	The room was wonderful.
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	I've got the right page.
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	Creative computer created for decades and selected Zen micro at the end of the year, or selection files and, if so, format to get a good digital pastjor method.
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	This is my first digital camera and I can't be happier.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	We could do it the way you were, right?
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	The media for Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility.
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	Nothing spectacular is done for the antivirus Internet security software.
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
0	Support is lower than printing, taking into account the cost.
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
0	G3 had search concentration problems and did not have the selected image when the shutter was presetowe, but after the shutter was read for a few seconds.
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
0	It's hot enough to irritate.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1
1	Cwand works, it's great, but it's Treye.
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	Five more stars.
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	The quality of sound! is great.
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	The title page for me and the quality of the games and documents that speak and are more than acceptable.
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
0	I don't know how to read it all.
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
1	The light is good for you, all over the place, and you can carry the pole over you.
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	So he pulled it out and returned it, and it didn't work.
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
0	2 sacred sets, the monitor starts with great difficulty, sufficient access to the screen media, or becomes a green screen and does not change, then opposes and rewrites up to the function.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	Hitachi's dress was not simply landed accurately.
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
0	I guess "Limited Life Insurance" means it can last a lifetime to take the warranty.
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	Contrary to Nomad II or any other flash-based vocabulary, the songs are loaded very quickly... close to one or two seconds of the song.
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	1) The covered lens included is very separate from the camera.
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	It is a product of quality, not confused with the catch that Hitachi is made in China.
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	I tried to play the song three times without success.
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	The car is very light and fine and adapts well to my television.
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	The Diaper champion is the best father in the world!
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	It's a jivêye, not yet, but it's good.
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	It also has untested battery life.
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	All that selected me was the quality / longevity of the selected buttons.
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
0	He dies, "what costs me for the quality of the room."
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	Symantec must repay us and apologize!
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	The fair in a beautiful vie, and I have a waterfall, and you're not a perfect one.
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
0	Verdict: If I don't need something with some space, I consider this game to be a game.
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	Long life with apple, long life with Macs and long life with Ipod!
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
0	or a 2D DVD reading has a power range that is not connected.
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
0	About 20-90 seconds to return to the LRB-synchronis-RRB-, which doesn't sound bad until it opens 10 times in an hour - LRB- that ends badly when it is published; sometimes goes to -RRB- minerals.
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	Motion Bots - volume movement was a good idea to be less discount, sometimes buttons operate.
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	It has a light blue light that allows you to easily see everything on the fabric.
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	It constantly reduces the Internet connection and the simple file of the WALLS file to the connection of our location, which was not very slow.
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	Why does it bother perfections with Media Player 10?
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
0	D-Link is damaged and in an attempt to sell pathetic extras that make the product unusable.
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
1	It's a great phone call, if I travel around the world, full of wonderful resources.
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	A Creative MediaSource organization is not yet working, with the intention of using its CD and extension functions.
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	I'm very happy with this monitor.
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	- There is no custom image or sound option.
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	I haven't seen this before.
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
0	- It's not compatible with Audible.com books.
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	He played DVD-r that was untouchable in my car Phillips.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
0	The battery downloaded speed, especially when using the web browser.
0	it has never worked . 
0	It never works.
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	Focusing on the camel trunk 20 m illuminates the advanced images of camels and their oranges.
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	in a fantastic room very compact, which makes us experience photography at a completely new level!
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	Allow the census I.S. 2004 numbers from various sources (Cnet, Amazon, tables of the month) and key until the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrifying product and that it was not worth updating me.
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
1	I mean, Nokia 6600 is an evolution, but not a revolution.
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	Even at a low sensitivity level, the touch lamp can pick up or interrupt pistachio.
1	This is a great diaper pail.
1	It's a great pop-pop security.
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	And in that case, as you do with this never out of quality control.
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
0	I tried calling the Cusp Service, and I didn't help him.
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
1	It defines whether or not you can adjust the volume of seduction of the world as large as a disorder.
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	It was necessary to return the production remote because it was defective.
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	The problem with the author (in me humble) is that you read the CD information.
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	I need to use the interface quickly and I can't find any list of songs/records, etc. quickly.
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
1	The g3 looks like a work of art!
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	In the fourth real estate file of SystemWorks and the second real estate file of Internet Security was your favorite.
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	Love, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, get involved in the point of my jacket.
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	Do not clean like a plastic burn when the unit opens.
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	He handled the battery well and lasted.
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	The lcd screen was very large and legible.
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
0	It is not believed that the external derivative is selected because at the end of the deezion IP address, select the dynamic IP address to a static IP address and assign a static IP to the IP address compatible with a selected modem.
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	Eball metaphor: it seemed creative to make a home run here, and I think Zen Micro is more like a double stand-up.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	Neither axhaedje, easy, nor infallible, nor the gene of difficulty in using mania (which is absolutely vital if it has the lower index) nor the exact smell emanating from the master gene, which includes that the immunodeficiency of the adhesive bag in which, if the bag is bathed, everything is not adjuvant to the color of the sealed ventral lamp.
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
0	Choeezixhoz in Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that advanced SD500 commands are not so robust, but image quality is generally advanced in Digital Rebel.
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1	How much did you feel about the silver valve problem of the mp3 player?
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
1	was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was, was
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
0	The first installation doesn't work, and our children have been devastated to say the least.
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	Screen defects and flashes also occur.
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	It surpasses my highest expectations in a 4m room.
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
0	So don't buy it or update it.
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	And when I get there, cover with curtains, which you can use, and the curtains can be blocked.
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1	Sin on the land of another country is justified by the immediate message of the countries of Europe covered and in which the countries.
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
0	Only a record was played to the end successfully.
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
1	Cannot select a continental page - you selected Xbox 360 a normal VGA page and the pages were amazing.
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	Zen Microbar:\ Contras: Not all buttons sound ahead of yours.
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
0	how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work, how to work.
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
1	Sound parameters can be adjusted according to personal preferences.
0	the grain was terrible . 
0	The grain was terrible.
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	One short day, go to my laptop and connect to the network, but it doesn't connect you to the Internet.
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	Let me use it!
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
0	We bought 3 universal commands to all pretenses to operate apex DVD lire and no functionou.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	I no longer use as a diving router, as well as a fixed router or mounted on a table.
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
0	As a portable player, you must feel a little more.
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	I wouldn't answer the phone calls.
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	Transferred MP3s to the log ingredient.
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
1	Hi, I take this, and let me tell you that it's a usurpunt, dot, utre and 3d monitor is a good usurpunt with this LCD.
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
0	The technical support of the apex is literally - non-existent.
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	Otherwise, he's mature, except for us.
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	I don't know how to read it all.
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	I'm not happy with this car or Acer.
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	FM radio reception is not spectacular, so the most powerful stations in each metro area are blocked.
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
0	But for now it seems that this sentence is not quite juant with tonus.
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	And with USB 2.0, transferring music to the player is incredibly easy.
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	This is the light phone - only less than 3 oz, short battery life (not in the past the new polymeris technology).
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
0	This router was a big disappointment.
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
0	Xp pro and in the installation environment selects a message that was problematic in the will installation.
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	Of course, it had all the features, but when I tried to shoot the fig of a catch, it's not a basketball game at the opera.
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
0	And the pictures grow live, and your purchase in good.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option to uninstall (or uninstall) individually.
1	 This is a good product .
1	It's a good product.
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	The emagni magnets in a bar of interest are a little fucked up and rare not noisy if the selection of colors from long distance images.
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	Unfortunately, you can't play the entire DVD.
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
1	Select the small and light, on which the tablet is dispersed, you can choose everything.
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	Both are absolute legal elements.
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	Saving batteries are great if you upgrade the firmware [needs a PC window] or always make sure to connect or adapt to the front drive by connecting to its quality + Incredible Tool...
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
1	recommend this product to no one.
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
0	90 days and doesn't find the most important image.
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
0	A zoom length so small that you think the zoom is quiet because it's not just zoom... wrong!
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
0	Fast synchronization is not good, it should be mounted correctly or simply used nolite.
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
1	In file, enim, ultracompatibilityus allows users to customize file to press in defined and defined modal files.
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0	Voodoo player doesn't work, I have to send him.
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
0	That's what he did, let's press the keys and two keys in time.
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	However, the battery level does not select Zen Micro expweraedje.
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
1	The price compared to the iPod is great.
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	Calitatis constructus, good macro results, impressive video-calitatis, beautiful flash pulse images (good colors, clean results), excellent white balance car.
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
1	Speaking of drums, it's removable and replaceable!
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
1	Operas, Bonus Bonus Bonus -LRB- per -RRB- = 4 extras.
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	Which is rare and precious.
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
1	Image File File File Image Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language Language
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	The print is watering the film very well, renewing the two albums with the movie "extras" very moments when I tried to do it.
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	The first four months were in our room and we didn't hear it.
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	If you have an earlier version of "Internet Security", you may need to demolish it before installing SystemWorks.
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
0	Unable to read SharePort directory.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	It doesn't smell and it's very easy to use.
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	The player's mechanic is also imperfect.
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	I recognize this phone to someone else.
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	I was incredibly happy with this room.
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	My blue and blue WD live TV is tilted, lit and starts a smoke after a good firmware update, and works well after.
0	it is made of plastic . 
0	The plastic is.
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	In the end, I find the price a little expensive for a product like this.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	It can be done additionally to fit and finish, if it does not compromise performance.
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	But the headphone sucked!
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
1	Nokia was my key, and I'd love to have the right to bend.
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
0	Intestinal photographers may be a bit obsolete, but they may be able to eliminate non-similar photos, which are not fully concentrated or illuminated, and make the location of a copdaedje.
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
1	Select that the use of the average server to select songs in the nomadic jukebox was very simple and see that the use of windows.
1	Go for the Champ.
1	Go get the champ.
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	The only parts have gone where the work is free, but the bracelet is needed in Uterix, and is a little slow between the photos.
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	It was not necessary to cough an extra pair of dollars for a commitment of "special edition"! - Estic: incredible! - Batteries: removable/replaceable.
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
1	The Åk did not read the tab router, and the tab view worked well.
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
0	I've always been very frustrated with the features, but I haven't heard the proper settings, and I know you have to run the card control page every time you see music, videos or games, the sound is very, but acceptable.
0	Very annoying.    
0	Very boring.
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	The battery life is amazing.
1	great camera . 
1	Big room.
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	The heavy engine and variable continuous speed control allow this router to pass through everything it has launched.
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	( Last pile!)
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	- The quality of the tuner is good.
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
0	It must have an exceptional service, but the reception in my area (angels) is terrifying.
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
1	My hands are full, my hands are full.
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	Your super expensive products, except for publishing them.
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
0	One day, I need help, and Acer's technical support department is what it needs.
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	1 ) for the volume (in dimensions of miniolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy, but not very solid pile, while building a plastic pile (differently the line of the canonical elf )
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	About 4.5 stars, if possible, and 5 stars unequivocally, 4 stars.
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	Select a place and have a decent audio quality.
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
1	I finished the Amazon census and I have to say that the mine selected, selected, the extreme right of the box.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
0	The zipper's not straight.
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
0	I'm a snob with a silver look.
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	- don't open the DVD and maybe after less than 60 days, don't recognize all the content.
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	All my questions or problems solve quickly and satisfied.
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	LCD screen is deleted and does not err in the direction to access easy images.
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	Configure the PDA function on avantgo.com to avoid site information that is time-oriented, maps or maps, which is great.
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	Have USB 2.0 fa for very fast transfers.
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	Zen has offered a great alternative.
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
1	There is no smell and it is extremely easy to use.
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	Setimanum usatis, there's no router.
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
1	And he used all the features he mentioned, and found them very dry, and easy to understand.
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	However, the main route is not the form in which adoption at curious times.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
0	The only problem is that sometimes the joystick starts digging in the chicken while playing.
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
1	I don't know if all the censuses were missing, the calculator wasn't slow, and I'm Win'98.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
0	The choice is not unusual in cameras, but when you select irritant pickets and irritant bits, it's fine.
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	I didn't find him.
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
1	I've never had a problem with smell!
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	The only thing more important than me to fool this player is the life of the crowd.
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	2. The button running is not the best, because sometimes it can be difficult to select.
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	The speakers are very small and have not treated the big volume with graces like the voice boole, which is clapping or audio.
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
0	Sometimes the images are black, but I might notice with Photoshop 6.0 "Adaptive videos"... but I can't make a person without Photoshop.
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Fly the broadband connected to this wireless configuration.
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	The back of the toy is also bona, with water waves inside the white lamp.
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
0	Software - the musical jukebox is not the largest, the search function is not fast, year of access with the direct access key.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
0	You have no lessons, you list the edited projects to adapt to these projects that the tempus form has fallen from many problems.
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	I'm not easily impressed with electronics, being a little conservative, but this product really deserves five stars.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
0	There's nothing useful in Symantec/Norton.
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	you have USB port -- so you can connect the USB drive and you have stored network accessibility.
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	The bracelet is fantastic and does not move to the gym.
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
0	I agree with the front assistant who says it's the small vertical angle, so he can contrast.
0	Can't get easier than that!
0	It can't be easy!
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	A property is a property (which is often unusable) and a utility property converts all meter bots (value, length, surface, etc.).
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
0	Just one problem, no accessories... again.
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	We never have problems with any server that goes into action (always wraps it in a dirty pot).
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	First of all, I must say that I have no problem with this room or the software.
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	There is no grilled speaker offering driver protection.
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	Above where you were in South Africa, this phone received the full reception at the bar.
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	The nomadic configuration process is furious, and the interface with the player is paired.
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
0	If it has no color, blocking all the director's plague closures is not desired by the artist or by the album, because Zen is not identified.
1	It works great.
1	It works fine.
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
0	Talking about the voice is not clear.
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	The screen is impressive, you see everything you want and you read it clearly.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
1	Five stars can be like an area if the installation goes up (where the star is free on the screen) and benefits from Apple duplicates.
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	The upper audience is the audience, but this is the volume of silence.
1	 Portable .
1	Portable.
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	Logists' latitude was capable of serving and pressing l'habite, but it was not bad what some critics emphasized.
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0	My other influence is an incredibly dirty remote control, which is worse than the others, but expensive.
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	Logitis - Logitis suggests.
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
0	The movies last about five seconds.
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	Because it doesn't work like a url support ad.
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
0	I also had a nomad of zen mature blocks six times.
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
1	Here is a brief summary: the phone is small, beautiful, feels like "plastic" (as if it could break), but it seems very resistant.
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
0	After @ 3 months, he stopped playing scenes of higher numbers on DVDs.
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
1	Small talkers are not vicious, nor abrogate strong grain, and calibers speak.
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	However, the sounds were spot-on and designed from where they should be, in front of the TV.
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
0	It's not a crime problem, but it's not fat either.
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
0	This is the choice of O and or volume of upper fever 6610, but the number of non-volatile fever among the variants of Nokia.
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	Otherwise, it's hard to understand and embarrassing.
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	T610 supports only midi files.
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
0	1. Serving as a bar - 6 vocations means another incompetent lunch.
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	It's a little tea I can have in my pocket, and I don't care if it's ruined in my pocket, because it's so hard.
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0	Some of you may not have this problem, but I do more than 20 cases of knowledge about this monitor.
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	With the firmware to the right, drag and drop or play like any other jump drive.
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
0	And he said, "What is the hippopotamus, which is the name of the hippopotamus, and the charge of 105:50 min, and the charge of the hippopotamus, which is the name of the hippopotamus.
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	I don't use the bracelet clip because I don't have the unit (project problem).
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1	So, for the silver that costs for one of these front-line models, I have a bon router and a good stretcher table and I like it.
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
1	Hic is an excellent and highly recommended system.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
1	2) The champion wears regular shopping bags.
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	Storage of the USB network - "Supposedly" is slow.
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	USB 2.0 transfer is stupidly fast.
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	The answer to the speaker bar was spot-on.
