1	raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
0	the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -lrb- it -rrb- comes off like a hallmark commercial .
1	a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
0	befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
1	takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
1	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
1	i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .
0	the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
0	technically and artistically inept .
1	you live the mood rather than savour the story .
1	what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
0	sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
1	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
0	a moving picture that does not move .
0	a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
1	filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
0	-lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
1	broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
1	speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
0	you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
1	a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
1	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
1	this movie got me grinning .
1	even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
1	see it .
0	... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
1	like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
1	a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
1	while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
0	the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
1	birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
0	the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
0	as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
0	stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
0	the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
0	it sucked .
0	cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
0	contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
1	like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
0	it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
0	the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
1	the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .
1	he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
0	like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
1	a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
0	as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
1	the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
0	feels less like a change in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
0	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
1	one funny popcorn flick .
0	while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
0	there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
1	probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
0	call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
1	e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
0	a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
1	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
1	if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
1	the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
0	adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
0	the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
1	you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
1	leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
0	feels shrill , simple and soapy .
1	this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
1	it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
0	the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .
0	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
0	... too sappy for its own good .
0	stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
0	this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
1	there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
0	despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
0	the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -lrb- the characters ' -rrb- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
1	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
1	it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
1	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
1	a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
1	the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
1	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
1	with this masterful , flawless film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
0	lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
0	although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
0	most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
0	it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
1	simone is not a bad film .
0	`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .
1	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
1	an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
1	hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
0	rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
1	an encouraging effort from mccrudden
0	when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
0	does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
0	every note rings false .
0	further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
1	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
0	if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
0	it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
0	why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
0	madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
1	in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
0	we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
1	an awfully good , achingly human picture .
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
0	feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
0	talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
1	it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
1	the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
1	thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
1	a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
1	we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .
1	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
0	i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
1	hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
0	oh come on .
0	a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '
1	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
0	too silly to take seriously .
0	as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
0	the film is flat .
0	it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
1	connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
0	woefully pretentious .
1	a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
1	a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
1	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
0	looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
1	a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
0	there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0	movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
0	fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
1	nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-
1	these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
1	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
1	an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
0	it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
0	something like scrubbing the toilet .
0	there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
1	yes , soar .
1	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
0	a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
0	is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .
0	like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
1	i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
0	the film is all over the place , really .
0	a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
0	despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
0	-lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
0	the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
0	a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
1	remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
0	the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
0	there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
1	mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
1	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
1	as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
0	it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
0	the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
0	an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
1	slight but enjoyable documentary .
0	instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
0	cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
1	darkly funny and frequently insightful .
1	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
1	what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
1	michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
1	-lrb- at least -rrb- moore is a real charmer .
0	is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
0	this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
1	it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
0	belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
0	-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
0	it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
1	adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
0	an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
0	lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
0	the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
1	cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
1	mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
0	offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
0	an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
0	like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
0	... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
1	kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
0	american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
1	brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
1	a small movie with a big heart .
1	... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
0	is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
1	it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .
1	rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
0	i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
0	drowning 's too good for this sucker .
1	... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
0	a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
1	a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
0	love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
1	hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
0	... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
0	a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
1	the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
1	not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
1	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
1	the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .
0	it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
1	just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
1	it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
0	normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
1	charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
0	laughably , irredeemably awful .
1	majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
1	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
0	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
1	it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
1	the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -lrb- and -rrb- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
1	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
1	alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
1	when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
1	a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
0	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
1	one fantastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary .
0	lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
0	it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens
0	instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
0	that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
0	fairly run-of-the-mill .
0	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
1	boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
1	see it .
1	still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
1	i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
1	on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
0	it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
0	utter mush ... conceited pap .
1	woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
0	it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
0	this is n't a new idea .
0	the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
0	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
0	i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
0	the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
1	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .
1	it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
0	if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
1	macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
1	-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
0	overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
0	-lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
1	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
0	other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
1	smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
0	there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
0	an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
0	i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
0	what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
1	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
0	all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
1	what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
0	empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
1	michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
0	try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
0	this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
1	but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
0	pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
0	rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
1	as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
0	the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
1	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
0	ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
1	a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
1	a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
0	these characters become wearisome .
1	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
1	like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
0	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
0	simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
0	in other words , it 's badder than bad .
0	pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
1	the performances are remarkable .
1	like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
0	girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
0	the script ?
1	steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
0	aggravating and tedious .
0	shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
1	the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
1	it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
1	... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
1	... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
0	ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
0	k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
1	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
0	without -lrb- de niro -rrb- , city by the sea would slip under the waves .
0	it 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication -lrb- and who knew they even had any ? -rrb- .
0	rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
0	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
0	once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
1	a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
0	the drama discloses almost nothing .
1	the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
1	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
1	a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
0	howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
0	should have gone straight to video .
0	it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
1	an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
1	it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
0	poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
1	jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
1	an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
0	but the power of these -lrb- subjects -rrb- is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .
1	secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
1	both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
1	at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb- depending upon where you live -rrb- , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
0	a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
0	sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
1	between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
0	once -lrb- kim -rrb- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
1	`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
1	it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
1	it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
1	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
1	pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
1	many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
0	as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
0	but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
1	talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
0	... hokey art house pretension .
1	reassuring , retro uplifter .
1	if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
1	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
0	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
0	the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
0	master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
0	well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb- .
0	all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
0	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
0	too much of the humor falls flat .
1	then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
0	only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
0	amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
1	the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
1	the magic -lrb- and original running time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .
1	reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
1	what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
1	it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .
1	it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
0	a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
1	-lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
1	the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
1	an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
0	the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
0	a film that loses sight of its own story .
0	a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
1	a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
1	it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
0	just a kiss is a just a waste .
1	wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
1	he drags it back , single-handed .
0	lawrence should stick to his day job .
1	but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned can not be said to suck .
0	the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
0	tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
0	this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
1	what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
0	gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
1	there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
0	romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
0	one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
0	it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
1	isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
1	the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
0	too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
1	with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
1	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
1	a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
0	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
0	... watching it was painful .
0	tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
0	there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
1	blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
1	if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
0	feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
0	what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
1	my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
0	chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
0	nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
1	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
1	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !
0	what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
1	it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
0	the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
1	-lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
1	deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
0	mediocre fable from burkina faso .
1	it 's sweet .
0	it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
1	strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
0	roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
1	béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
0	it 's uninteresting .
0	rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
1	spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
0	just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
0	sure , i hated myself in the morning .
1	there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
0	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
1	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
0	baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
1	an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
1	it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
1	the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
1	singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
0	can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
0	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
0	memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
0	even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
1	may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece .
1	an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
0	there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
0	a half-assed film .
1	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
0	predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
0	clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
1	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
1	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
0	the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -lrb- water -rrb- weight of the other .
0	a doa dud from frame one .
1	its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
1	... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
0	at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
1	the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
0	if you recognize zeus -lrb- the dog from snatch -rrb- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
1	the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
0	every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
1	adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
0	an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
0	two hours of junk .
0	it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
1	parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
0	it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
0	before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
0	full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
1	visually captivating .
0	... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0	this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
1	miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
0	this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
1	matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
1	it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
1	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
0	the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
0	every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
1	a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
1	it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
0	the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
1	the best film of the year 2002 .
1	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
0	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
0	more tiring than anything .
1	this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
1	exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
0	but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
1	moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
1	the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
0	while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
1	even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !
0	i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
1	a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
1	... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
1	he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
1	criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
0	pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
1	griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
1	renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
0	this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
0	although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
0	the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
0	velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
0	who cares ? -rrb- .
0	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
1	-lrb- f -rrb- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
0	feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
1	a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
0	of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
1	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
0	the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
0	the worst film of the year .
0	the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
0	after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
0	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
1	a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
0	jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .
1	harmless fun .
0	we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
1	entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
1	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
0	the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
1	the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
1	one from the heart .
0	it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
1	matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
1	this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
1	makes one thing abundantly clear .
1	very predictable but still entertaining
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
0	to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
0	nothing about them is attractive .
1	for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
0	a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
0	not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
1	jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
0	the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
0	dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
0	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
1	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
1	infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
1	if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
0	the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
0	maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
1	a bold -lrb- and lovely -rrb- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
1	-lrb- t -rrb- his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
1	it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
0	abysmally pathetic
1	if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
1	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
1	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .
0	maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .
0	the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
0	the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
0	there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
0	watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
0	an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
1	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
1	i could n't recommend this film more .
1	such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''
1	the film oozes craft .
0	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
1	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
1	plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
1	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
1	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
1	it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
1	diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
1	ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
1	affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
1	those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
1	the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
0	this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
1	canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
0	the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
0	aan opportunity wasted .
0	... designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
0	with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -lrb- crane -rrb- becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
1	a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
1	here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
0	this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
0	staggeringly dreadful romance .
0	my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
0	i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
0	a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
1	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
0	the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
0	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
0	jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
1	an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
0	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
0	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
1	an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
1	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
1	for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
0	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
1	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
1	directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
1	director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
1	a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
1	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
0	an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
1	`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
0	it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
1	byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
0	it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
0	this dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
1	as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
0	the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
1	and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
1	allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
1	hardly a film that comes along every day .
1	clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
0	there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
1	armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
1	if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
1	who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
1	an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
1	a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .
1	the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
0	tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
0	the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .
1	for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .
1	a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
1	a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
0	the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
0	costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
0	it 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .
1	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
1	the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
0	an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
0	forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
1	another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
1	has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1\/2 .
0	in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
1	-lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
1	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
1	but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
1	an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
0	average , at best , i 'm afraid .
0	it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
0	while the transgressive trappings -lrb- especially the frank sex scenes -rrb- ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
1	take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
1	although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
1	deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
0	-lrb- a -rrb- mess .
1	this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
1	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
0	it 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
1	vera 's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
0	make chan 's action sequences boring .
0	i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
0	though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
1	an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
1	it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
1	... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
0	a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
0	starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
1	there is truth here
0	after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
1	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
1	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
0	with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
0	it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
0	enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
0	it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
1	a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
1	naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
1	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
1	a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movie .
1	perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
0	but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
1	an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
1	-lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
0	beware the quirky brit-com .
1	the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's madness .
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
1	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
1	if you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .
0	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
1	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
1	an exhilarating experience .
1	it 's a charming and often affecting journey .
0	i had to look away - this was god awful .
1	ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
0	the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
0	in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
0	jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
1	candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
0	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
1	chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
0	occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
0	it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
0	whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .
1	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
1	you 'll probably love it .
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
1	bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
0	the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
0	the film has -lrb- its -rrb- moments , but they are few and far between .
1	works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
1	a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
1	a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
1	combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
0	looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
1	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
0	certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
1	charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
1	slick piece of cross-promotion .
0	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
0	his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
0	bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
0	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
1	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
1	from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .
0	since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
1	twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
1	the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
1	he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
0	unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
0	time out is as serious as a pink slip .
0	so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
0	the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
0	it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
0	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
0	there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
1	scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
0	the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his .
1	it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
1	it 's worth taking the kids to .
1	on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
0	for dance completists only .
1	as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
1	fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
0	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .
0	it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
0	not just unlikable .
0	it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
0	nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
1	it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
1	an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
0	-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
1	it 's always enthralling .
1	i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
1	it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .
0	piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
0	even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
0	but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
1	oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
1	mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
1	one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
1	moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
1	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
1	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
0	ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
0	too bad .
0	at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
1	fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .
1	... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .
1	bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
0	the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
1	sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
0	-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .
0	wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
0	the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
0	like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
0	i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
1	you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
0	where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
1	most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
1	leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
0	the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
0	a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
1	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
1	what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
0	as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
0	an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
0	there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
0	all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
0	even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
1	wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
1	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
1	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
1	-lrb- while the last metro -rrb- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
0	feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
1	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
1	intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
0	this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
1	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
0	it 's just not very smart .
0	each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
1	thoroughly enjoyable .
1	maryam is more timely now than ever .
0	like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
1	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
1	an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
1	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
1	unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
0	it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
0	it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
0	an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .
1	this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
0	with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
0	it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
1	a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
1	a quaint , romanticized rendering .
1	i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
0	you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
1	the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
1	a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
0	there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
1	using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
0	sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .
0	the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
1	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .
0	murder by numbers just does n't add up .
1	it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
0	a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
0	it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
0	you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
0	the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
1	frank capra played this story straight .
0	rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
0	verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
1	the band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies -lrb- this one included -rrb- .
1	manages to delight without much of a story .
0	you could hate it for the same reason .
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
0	never inspires more than an interested detachment .
0	full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
0	it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
1	brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
0	the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
1	combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
0	not so much farcical as sour .
1	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
1	prepare to marvel again .
1	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
1	it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
0	neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
1	rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
1	morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
0	it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
1	like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
0	oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
1	one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
1	give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
0	the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
0	this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
1	a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
1	this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
0	they cheapen the overall effect .
1	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
1	a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
1	beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
0	it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
0	all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
1	- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
1	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
1	katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
1	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
0	but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
1	baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
1	this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
1	there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
1	irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
1	a surprisingly funny movie .
0	a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
1	what -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
1	an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
0	and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
1	so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
1	it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
1	until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
0	though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
1	scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
1	, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
1	not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
1	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
1	despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
0	but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
1	a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
1	there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
1	... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
1	what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
1	if you love him , you 'll like it .
1	a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
1	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
1	amidst the action , the script carries arnold -lrb- and the viewers -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
0	disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
1	you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
1	a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
1	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
0	the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
1	more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
1	asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
1	at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
1	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
1	a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
0	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
0	seems like someone going through the motions .
1	reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
0	chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
0	for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
1	norton is magnetic as graham .
0	there 's no energy .
1	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
1	if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
0	ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
0	narc is all menace and atmosphere .
1	an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
1	the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
0	no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
1	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
1	an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
1	even if you do n't think -lrb- kissinger 's -rrb- any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
1	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
0	ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
1	finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
0	schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
1	another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
1	the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
1	a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
1	director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
1	davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
1	what i saw , i enjoyed .
1	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
0	skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
1	a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
1	reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
1	turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
0	but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
1	there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
0	pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r. abrams , in their feature debut .
0	... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
0	a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
0	i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
0	this is so bad .
1	amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
0	this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
1	from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
1	it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
0	hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
1	it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
0	the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
0	the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
1	hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
1	a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
0	even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
1	a marvel like none you 've seen .
1	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
1	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
1	mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
1	the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
0	one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
1	and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
1	mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
0	it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
1	what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
0	there 's already been too many of these films ...
0	the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
0	the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
0	cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
0	the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
1	a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
0	if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .
1	it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
0	shame on writer\/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
1	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
1	it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
0	lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
1	a charmer from belgium .
0	... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
0	when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
0	the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
1	coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
0	the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
1	the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
0	an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
1	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
0	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
1	the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
0	if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
0	a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
1	the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
0	even kids deserve better .
