1 I use the scented bags and grip even if I don't no smell!
0  It is altogether also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my iphone .
0  One is I have caveat that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
1 I must add to the consternation/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever halt.
1 the sound is excellent as one would suspect from product creative a . 
1  Unless you an enormous/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1 It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most as them are very you such of the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff useful want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1  Easy set up and the pose picture was crystal clear .
1 Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I install installed it two weeks ago.
1 This is to perfect blend a accomplish both tasks.  
1 easy enough to navigate , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
1  awing sound system .
1 Hitachi's M12V is a big beast A of a router.
1  The highs and lows sound great and personally think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1 as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource work is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still software better . 
0 the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps of digital cameras ) is its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
1 i 've had no problems the with software . 
1 1 month , no problems , bully phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
0 so, right out the box i had issue.
1  I remain extremely pleased this router !
1 I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1 2.  It can be operated with one reach hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
0 Unfortunately, Linksys not write the best documentation.  
1  I did n't get any wierd sounds the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
1  short , if you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and play and browse all day , this router is great for you .
0 Don't buy the champ.
0 I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper job that I could have done if so!
1 4 megapixels is plenty for all pros , and you will not be disappointed with results of this camera . 
1 i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never usance but it 's overnice to recognise that there 're there . 
1 i recommend this camera . 
0 another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going to the song you may have wanted past stop on . 
1 the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely video into my tv stand . 
0 -User's guide doesn't cover a of important info that is covered on their website. 
1 if 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1 it does well in all aspects internet browsing . 
1 There are ternion computers in my house all getting radio connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1 but for i what do use it is perfect . 
1 Overall though, i'm very happy with it and hype recommend it to folks not for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your looking a braindead consumer giving into the marketing highly of the iPod. ;)     
0 there is no way the battery lasts 14 hours ! 
1 It may not upside the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good heavy quality.  
1  It allows the USB interface the router to be used either for NAS or print server .
1 you can also assign special telephone and graphics to special people when they call . 
0 T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some qualify the terms to of for the rebate.
1 the included eax support is at times , especially when you listen to variety of genres , as will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
1 Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits care in my jacket pocket.
0 This process can be very unsafe and annoying when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
1 After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and tech for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1 although the nokia 6610 is a small short on the features department , it is an outstanding tack of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a tuner telephone . 
1 It great.
1 i am quite happy with be the camera . 
0 i did n't abuse it , i charged IT it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0 what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem dvds read certain to . 
1 i 'm giving this thespian cautious recommendation . 
0 in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an to navigate by folders . 
0 up , down , left , and right would have given me near control . 
1 i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no stop to what i can do with it . 
0 the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone single elses is too . 
1 the software interface supplied was very to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features wanted . 
0 the software is somewhat nice to package look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0 Again, this is a design flaw in headphone!
1 the speakerphone i better than any speakerphone works 've ever had . 
1 :! Ohio OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1 It works great, router full usually at the am 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the i is. 
0 iodin tried to call Norton, and the only figure they inclination on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
1 (You can to it one handed while still hanging on do the baby.) Also, we like using Diaper trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the regular Genie).
1  My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all a nice strong signal .
1 commodious extremely convenient . 
1 there those Mac OSX users out For, iSync works fairly well.
1 the software seed with plenty of defaults genres . 
1  Overall , it is an impressive .
1 picture quality in embody outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
0 however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the slay clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
0 it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete a is quite there lag before the shutter ? 
1 The smooth operation variable speed and a typeset of good Jasada routine will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1 they look grand fantastic . 
1  I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for minute my needs .
0  I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how static to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from atmospherics a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router informatics or modem .
1 all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work former well . 
1 All of this said [Song as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
1 So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've make a respectable router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
1 I discover that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1 Feature for feature, I characteristic find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th actor larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
0 The seem auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
1  No dropouts , unspoilt signal strength all over my three story family -LRB- unit is located on the top shock -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1 overall i 'm happy with my dally . 
0  The sound is far from good and there 'of a lot s interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
1 So reliability is the for here winner the iPod.
1 i like the size and weight of this short critter . 
1   20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros place of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
1 ( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both possess of them . ) 
1 I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
0 The product also leaves a faint smell A in the room.  
1 the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( real plus ) . 
1 1 amatuer has all the features an it photo-enthusiast would want . 
1 right of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1  ane do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
0 also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controller are reachable , i have to unresolved it up to see the show . 
1 it does turn a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
1  one have been dealing with wireless routers and access place for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup ane 've ever experienced .
1 * slick-looking design and interface 
1 Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the matter in when the re!
0 The mentioned would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were instructions.
1 The the experience of USING actual iPod is magnificent.
1 I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the observe reasons.
0 Now, the player's ear phone knave is not working - I have to send it away again.  
0 apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer phone . 
0 - the embrace top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
1 We use garbage kitchen sized regular bags.
0 -- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you bequeath have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0  I am disappointed in product .
1 It's so cute...and tail the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
0 i took perfect unadulterated care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
0 it is more than matter days and it does not show the picture no 90 what i do . 
0 this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers letdown need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file whole transfer issues . 
1 This phone has feature a nice blend of features without going overboard.
1  It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can ask anywhere .
1 the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and are very responsive . 
0 Some more assure manual control would have been nice. 
1 ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is ace very good . 
1 Power for the tech-savvy, of use for the less fortunate. 
1 bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so fantabulous far it has been excellent . 
1 So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ all.
1 Great reception, and interface (may be complicated by others).
1  great player is The. 
1 with all its complicated the , the menus are easily accessible and features quality of the features is great . 
1  And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and upward your set, since the iPod itself acts as a pose strong amplifer of its' own.
1 while i would like to give it tierce.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a quartet because it has lean well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1 It's a and pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to bit from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
1 after using it , i encounter the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
0 annoying Very.    
1 It feels solid not flimsy like the carbon.  
1 the price compared to the great is ipod . 
1 usb 2.0 - very degenerate 
0 The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes acquire I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0 this has a major design flaw . 
1 i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is tremendous . 
0 I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall minutes. the windows firewall, and waited 45 vs to speak with a tech support representative because have did not I a "customer priority ID number."
1 I wanted this product because i didn't have to bribe special bags for it and it also fall highly recommended.
0 But not soundly enough for me.
1 please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down a grand for an ipod . 
1 I've had this phone for almost a year now and been has it nothing but great to use.
1 just bought one & i ' enjoyed it to date . 
0 2 the camera is so small that when you attach wide-angle lenses i have the 19mm some -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
1 The software is very tardily to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
1 life battery has a long The. 
1 +Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade 5 gigs of tunes to find you're looking for. 
0 eax sound feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
1  The ability to connect an external hard force to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computer .
0 but with lower low price , comes a quality . 
0  There are limitations to what you can do with frequency allowance because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
1 This is my first MP3 player and ut I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1 best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1  This one has a color display, I like a lot, being very visual. 
1 this phone is one of the few phones that have IN an fm radio tuner built in . 
1 Smooth plunging! ( so did stick a bit it I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
0 The only downside to this is that it can get pretty entirely stinky long before the pail is full.
1 1 . the to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
0 I have noticed time odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every an you use it.
1 noiseless , lightweight and oh whippersnapper yeah . 
0 i 'm not bequeath to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
1 This product the amazing and better than is Ipod you can get at the same price. 
0 My only complaint and the reason I leave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera ensure aren't as intuitive as they should be.
1 Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so you don't accidently hit something in pocket. 
1  I am in the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- visualise ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at astatine all .
1 pocketbook 3.  Bags are easy to change.
1  After much delay I received my Acer ass Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I urge am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , encounter high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the see screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
0 If you are already using a late variation of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will however have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
1  Relatively small too footprint desktop .
1 screen is good . 
1 in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your head . 
0 Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb constitute a few times before I got the hang of it.
1 I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, ace have all my visualise sharp and high quality. 
1 But I wanted to the some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run do large-diameter bits.
1  This little speaker dynamite sound !!
1 i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback tone and value for the cost . 
0 the GPRS web approach is sloooooooooooooow!
0 Next, the reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell about it.
1  FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO escort FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
1  When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just .
1  Love speaker this .
1 The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super heights quality.
0 The is price $... more.
0 I did have to cut off the ears  that the  template guide in place so I get those big panel raising bits in it.
1 From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time Koran again came up to be the router of choice or best sentence for its price.
0 not is It reliable.  
1 the picture quality is amazing and you can connect to tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
1  really , this speaker Wow rocks .
1 mixed bag i but the price was right . 
1 Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually Outlook's SD calendar card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft an flash, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery for myself about $40 to buy vs. 
1 this radio receives fairly decent reception the not nearly as good as a normal the , but as long as radio stations are coming in clearly but phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
0 the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting prat adjustments , make this camera canful very simple and effective . 
1 really felicitous with this little camera . 
0 Now the spoiled:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
1 overall , a good buy for the damage . 
0 The menu pops up after seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
1 i have owned camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1  This was very prompt standard shipping .
1 I did like the heft of auto the machine.
1 size The of the camera is perfect. 
1  Affordable price , reliable affordable item and excellent customer service .
1  No problems with whatsoever any of those connections .
1 the player looked out right good of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1 are feel like you you holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
1 This player is fantastic in terms ease audio quality, of of use, and features. 
1 now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more whatsoever problems . 
0 also the feature to automatically order in the song information is n't always accurate . 
0  Maybe some of you do n't have this typeface problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
0 The only con I can think of lack the is of a mega-pixel camera.
0 the 2600 had false silver plate instead of gambol display . 
0 Still, that's enough time that I'm satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
1 this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to incur out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1 pocket-sized size . 
1 While I'm not keen on customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra except word of mouth.  
1 if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more proscribed cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and interpret all those modes will make sense after reading 
1 Clear the call logs once a in while to speed up the phone people!!!
0 personify The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
1 so once i make out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
1 when bought this diaper pail I my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
1 The panorama unbelieveable is setting !
1 But viewing DOES work even if you turn off the LCD this -- great  battery saver.
1 The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1 The FM tuner is just a petty spare icing on the cake.  
0 volume . 
0  The new router worked well for 2 solve months after which it had failed .
0 short warranty ( 3 months , so i got unconvincing the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
1 The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing in calls the most easy of ways.
0 I tried to use the nevertheless FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my truly residential location.   
1  It is smaller than I expected IT when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
1 the system is terrific in size and intent , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1 It also holds a lot diapers more.
0 However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and overweight than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (iodine keep it mounted in a table).
0 3) The lack of an mediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that trouble is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
1  I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and iodin can habituate the ATI drivers to adjust things like coloration temp and gamma .
0 it is pretend of plastic . 
1 I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1 Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the aright hand.
0 6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge barrage by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a transcriber convenient ( additional ) choice . 
1  Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a hardening of small but effective reckoner speakers at a reasonable price .
1 i highly recommend it if axerophthol you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
1  The larger screen has allowed me to all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- edit them .
1 The camera is solid, performs well, takes skillful figure, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
0 Apple closed their island resemble to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0  the only thing I don't like about it is that You have a larger memory card, first thing!
1  Sharp visualize .
0 my only reservations about booking this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
1 very found using the supplied mediasource software i easy . 
1  This unit hail with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
0 5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an supervision of creative 's marketing . 
0  Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the outdo and hope my review helped !
1 the screen bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
1 the built in fm radio is excellent for people travel by public transport . 
0  It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to tried up when I keep to stream movies , which was a big part of the reason I went to a first router in the faster place .
1  For the price there 's cost nothing better .
0 the video lasted about two weeks before the second went out ! 
1 looks also smaller, and gets more Its. 
0 what the hell is this with wrong thing . 
1 the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to redact your phone right next to your ear to talking . 
1 there is an alarm , i tranquillise havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
0 i have tried many i to get a hold of apex believe does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( times who ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
1 But, for the it money is a good machine.
1  These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in receive that once you have one, you can't be without one.
1 i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and fart . 
1 I upgraded from an older 801.its router to the Linksys WRT54G for 11b improved security, and of course, speed. 
1 there is much which has been said in other about the features of this phone , it is great phone , mine worked any problems right out of the box . 
0 There will be much erasing as text of, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
1 If you love your cell phone games or shift your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
0 The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
0 at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when intimately the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
0 Among its weak vague is the MMC slot location and a bit points design.
1 what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the strain freedom to get songs from a reasonable creative source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
0 The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey ( as myself :-) can pop a new one when the time comes (based upon the info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
1  Much faster than mainframe my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
0 to camera uses no lithium battery, I find lithium batteries This be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is a way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0 I gave up and got a diaper.
1 the constitute quality is superb . 
1 Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the quality of my jeans and takes pocket photos.
0 there are a couple of quirks that were a second devil like having to actually crusade the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. car did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
1 another good thing is that than camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places this others i 've seen . 
0 If you want to a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big. . 
1 However after playing with it for III weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
1 the manual mode is easy to having with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without use to fumble through menu options . 
0 Other than that it is all the same except updates new the.
1  As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco less Plus Wireless Hotspot in Valet than 10 minutes .
0 Anyhow some demerits of this phone, phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 then the has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
1 lastly , the price is fantastical : 
0  I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except mayhap my ex .
1  FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate real to have FireWire400, your in for a enough treat with autosync.
0 a on dissapoitnd bit that!
0 creative software . 
1 It the enough power to hog out all has material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
0  I avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0 I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compendious nature. 
1 I can utilisation it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
0  There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on only their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
1 Pros The is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1 Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous function.
1 Decent sizing Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
0 they are not wowable soundly good . 
1 As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more indium countries than the 6620.
0 job have had problems since the first day 
0  Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a of and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out router the box !
1 but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the mastery are very intuitive ! 
1  great replacement at Great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
0 But we that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and now are constantly using airfreshner.
0 It IT still smelled.
0 I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have carry care of that now. 
0 also , the statement manual is very bad . 
1 great camera , groovy great investment ! 
1 Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run for their money with device this.  
1 2. Take around 10,000 640x480 icon.
1 it lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1 Record memos in the built using microphone.  
0 the vibration is not transcend . 
0 this nobelium makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
0 my other gripe is the incredibly stinky remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
0 i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up various times . 
0 no way to contact customer service . 
1 it 's a compact , attractive machine and was slowly to set up . 
1 camera responce is VERY quick. 
0 3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the triplet bundled nomad explorer software . 
1 + screen was good , easy to 
1 Five gigabytes is neat plenty for my great albums. 
0 the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't lading on some computers . 
0 , this product performed well below my expectation.  
0 the colors on the screen are not as crispen as i 'd have liked them to be . 
0 coiffure NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
1 i have to along say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
1 over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally level ! 
1 the sound feature has superb radio quality . 
0 The Achilles OR heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
1 Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages a Gallery for organizing digital content or downloaded with the phone.
0 1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included conveyance transfer cable . 
1 The setup works awesome, as with any it's I look closely at the individual tool for tool merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1 it, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with Overall yet *knocks on wood*. 
1 inward my table the M12V has been a real champ.
1 playlists can be give on the fly ( which is a flake clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq selection . 
1 it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which IT is real good . 
1 This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the More Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1 You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the.
1 4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton gamy of ring tone and game choices.
1 As far this dealing with network access of other computers as router is pretty good given one price- remember this router is the same the that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1 I also tend to like the compact switch/on cover found on many sliding PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1 This is an excellent router for price.
1 then sorting comprise the files is easy as pie . 
1 labs is my second creative this mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1 other plusses : changable battery , loads than presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger of an ipod . 
1 Freebies you fetch: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
1 8 ) originative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in machinate your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1 the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external disturbance . 
1 the reception and sound quality voice are top-notch . 
0 a what disappointment ! 
1 it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( IT which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
1 anyway , this player is a great treat and i really love it . 
0 Also, when I dial an "800" number like non an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
1 I received this little jewel as a gift and I can say honestly Iabsolutely love it.
0  remote control and reciever not so good .
1 the design and construction are excellent -- as fabled is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
0 the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to apply . 
1 naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , acid and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1  The price ergocalciferol was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1 All in all, this is the camera for you if you can plain the extra cost in price. 
1 i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle have and i 'm not too slap-up on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
0 finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are name individually , and are organized by cadmium , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical dictate . 
0  The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my unmanageable customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my ME hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
1 it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) interchange very well . 
0  I deduce a asterisk because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
1 Creative Media is very easy to use once you the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1 The optical and digital zooms give to combine an effective 4x zoom.
0 this item broke just two weeks after i leave it to my kids for christmas . 
1 unarguably better than Apple's, and to earbuds nice boot.  
1 All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of seizing more market share as people to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than and hype.  
1 Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where lots the intrusion is coming from.
0 the canon software for raw trope does not introduce you with a raw image at all , but the unsanded image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
1 This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi manufactured gets in China.
1 also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you iPod have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better serious buy . 
1 the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boast 12 versatile scenery modes as well as a manual mode though i take i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1  This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and at a pretty decent price .
0 also , i can 't understand why the software does ignore " the " when it the cds in alphabetical order . 
1 But that is practiced for me because Symantec softwares are a bit voiceless to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1 I would however the recommend highly m12v router !
1 quint ) the chinchy , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1  This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest level amp on my laptop .
0 it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that whole the unit was resting on my desk . 
1  The iPod a a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give is lot of service.      
0 I could hardly use it without a recharge 2 days!
1 overall this is a slightly dependable than average phone . 
1 so far i have complaints and recommend to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1  I have found this little device to ane be quite fun to use .
1 The computer interface is 90% good, losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over place within it. 
1 , the picture quality features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
0 but the major problem i had was with accept the software . 
0 - The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very repeat annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about Maine the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
1  The clarity and contrast are spec what I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for exactly , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
1 nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds have . 
0 the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the is period warrranty to expire . 
0 and the battery lifespan life is bad !
1 the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with colors . 
1 the picture is perfect , an i 'm not watching on although hdtv . 
1 It was a good player when it worked and I love the design.  
0 But those up come 2 every time.
0 message hit the You button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
1 I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at Amazon.
0 they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a respond . 
1 this headphone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1 transportation through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply haul and dismiss files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
0 i have ice age and it keeps crank telling me no disc . 
1 With the enormous numbers of diapers that you cristal through with a newborn, it was bully how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
