0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items ( fax,)
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
1	Great Pictures
1	Great 
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
0	Port cover, antenna when offer, takes a bit to find sweet daub.
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and diverge computer
0	Ink smears and ink blots
0	smears and ink blots
0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
0	No USB and soar no optical zoom, not great in low light
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	Quality Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic.
1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
1	Excellent quality prints., slow to install.
0	Does not fold very compact.
0	practice not fold very compact.
1	5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
1	5, manual features, construction, quality, software interface, quick charger.
1	It's cheap
1	cheap
0	so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	so new accessary that it's hard to find or get accessories for
1	speed, clarity
1	velocity, clarity
1	fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
1	fabulous picture quality, operation quick very
0	Software / driver problems
0	package / driver problems
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	egronomic anatomy, inexpensive, loud ringer, several appurtenance included, fm tuner, minibrowser
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of composition is extract through at a time
1	A solidly built  great little printer.
1	A solidly little  great built printer.
1	Great picture photos
1	photos picture Great
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
1	photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
0	could do with more pixals
0	could do with more pixals
1	small, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	small, enough features &#13;&#XIII 10;
0	No Back-light at night.
0	Back-light No at night.
1	...small
1	...small
0	A little noisy. 
0	A little axerophthol noisy. 
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	great it! Great first digital camera, Comes docking with station, charger, fair price, Buy quality.
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to loose buy.
0	Battery life is terrible
0	Battery life is tremendous
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, non viewfinder not accurate
